---
title: 2018-08-27
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:28:30.693Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:56:17.094Z
---

# Laser Subcommittee Meeting 2018-08-27

Attendees:

-   Blake, NickB, Fletcher

Notes:

-   Little red
    -   Bed out of level.
    -   Reports of z-axis belt slip over last month. Unsure if z-probe occasionally missing and head crashing or just tensioners slipping.
    -   Removed and thoroughly cleaned the tensioners and surface they are attached to. Cleaned fasteners.
    -   Relevelled bed
    -   Firmly tightened bolts for tensioners to prevent slipping
    -   Checked heights and adjusted offset from 9mm to 10mm and which gave best cut (head height 18mm)
    -   Cutting at 13mm/s for 3mm MDF
    -   Still overcurrent at 24mA
    -   Still tube change being pursued
        -   Require end extension
        -   Require tube mounts
-   Big red
    -   Hour meter 295.5 hrs
    -   Relevelled the bed
    -   Adjusted offset 16mm. Nozzle to target height 21mm.
    -   Cleaned lens (was a bit misty)
-   Kellogg the KH7050B
    -   Door sensors
        -   Further investigation over last month showed the door sensors do not work now as they were thought to. They are no longer emitting a 10kHz square wave. Various tests were performed several weeks ago with Steve, Blake and Kamil.
        -   Steve tried to find more information on sensors but was unable to
        -   Probably replace with magnet door sensors
    -   Discussion on z-axis drive
        -   Kamil's large stepper arrived but was decided its too likely to strip belt until pole gears are replace with larger ones
    -   Need to get a spare set of belts for Kellogg too
