---
title: 2018-07-30
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:28:24.376Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:56:07.401Z
---

# Laser Subcommittee Meeting 2018-07-30

Attendees:

-   Blake, Glenn, Kamil, Jason

Notes:

-   Little red
    -   Was cutting a bit slower \~8mm/s for 3mm MDF at top right and bottom left
    -   Checked heights and adjusted offset from 10mm to 9mm and seemed to improve
    -   Cutting at around 13mm/s for 3mm MDF
    -   Still overcurrent at 24mA
    -   Still tube change being pursued
        -   Require end extension
        -   Require tube mounts
-   Big red
    -   No maintenance actions. Seemed to be cutting fine.
-   Kellogg the KH7050B
    -   Kamil has installed door sensors. Wired up one to Steve's interlock board.
        -   When door closed, fancy interlock sensor flash red-green. When open interlock shows green.
        -   Interlock board shows 24V and 5V power lights. When interlock sensor closed, no input detected (and no output)
        -   Tried scope on interlock line (had been told to expect square wave when closed) but saw nothing but noise
        -   Tried unscrewing the mating piece from interlock and waving close to sensor to see if sensitive about distance - no effect
        -   Tried the mating piece from other interlock and performs the same (flashing red-green)
        -   Need to try removing the active piece of interlock to see if its interference from Kellogg chassis causing problem.
        -   Or is it interlock board?
        -   Need to pull out an interlock and take a look on work bench again.
    -   Discussion on z-axis drive
        -   Kamil has a larger stepper and driver on order
        -   Concern that it will be large enough to strip belt
        -   Considering getting larger diameter pulleys for each pole to increase torque on rods
        -   Also considering replacing the ball bearing rollers at each end of pole since inspection shows they are rough (not rolling well)
    -   Need to get a spare set of belts for Kellogg too - especially if we might strip z-axis belt.
