---
title: 2023-03-24 Laser Maintenance
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-03-24T13:08:01.375Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-03-24T12:34:55.568Z
---

# 2023-03-24 Laser Maintenance

Present:
* Blake Samuels 
* Lewis Yip
* Bruce Chambers
* Nick Bannon
* Fletcher Boyd
* John Parker

### Big red
* Cleaned and lubricated rails
* Investigated step skipping, could not reproduce.

### Middle red
* Ben Connor making a new lens retaining ring.

### General maintenance

* Discussed general maintenance planning.
* Brainstormed tasks that should be performed regularly and created Trello cards.
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/fENNZFxs/laser-cutters
* Discussed hour meters to do time based maintenance.

### Projects

Discussing longer term improvement projects.

* Air compressor is progressing as part of infrastructure. Intention is to have a pressure reduction to 15 psi before compressed air gets to the lasers to address water condensation issues.

* John Parker - raising honeycomb bed to allow airflow through bed while cutting.

* Replace big red's air tubing.
  * Investigate if we can rob Peter to pay Paul by scavenging existing good tubing in Big Red and replacing it with hard PVC tubing in non critical areas.
  * New silicon tubing.
  * Details of measurements etc are in Slack from previously.
  
* Nick Bannon - Hour meter.
  * Have meter - electromechanical - supply power and it counts.
  * May need a PCB.
  * Maybe use an ESP.
  
* Fletcher's idea - Big red controller replacement
  * Cost was maybe $1,000.
  * Needs some research.
  
* Blake - air flow control.

* Fletcher - fresh air purge on mirrors / lens tube.

* Blake - refresh signage in laser area.

* Blake - emergency bed drop.
  * Maybe think about this as part of controller replacement.