---
title: "2010-09-21"
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-01-04T02:50:00.518Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:13:15.032Z
---

> This page was edited in 2025 to correct formatting/spelling errors. The original version is available in the version history
{.is-info}

## Agenda

### Property Stuff

- Possible warehouse in Osborne Park for 24k/yr - waiting to hear back so we can go see.

### Finance Stuff

- Chairman's ID -\> PayPal with Great Urgency (we have fees in limbo there)
- Overdue fees protocol - when Treasurer went to pay rent last month, we had 1400 owing (2/3 of which by committee members), which sucked, and he couldn't pay. Still need to scrape together the extra outgoings bill too (\$700)
- PayPal commission - should we absorb the 1.6% commission, or add it to fees?
- Bank: empty, once this month's rent and insurance are paid.

### Membership

- 1 new full member (Paul Stone)
- 1 new associate member (Alwyn Llyod-Nixon)

## Attendees

### Committee Members

- Chairperson: Dave Cake (DC)
- Deputy Chair: Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
- Secretary: Brendan Ragan (BR)
- Treasurer: SKoT McDonald (SM)
- Deputy Treasurer: Peter Dreisiger (PD)

## Meeting Times

> The next meeting time listed here appears to be a typo as it's a date in the past and the minutes reference the AGM as being held. The next meeting was held on the 5th of October.
{.is-info}

- Opened: 19:50
- Closed: 20:58
- Next Meeting: 11th of September (after the AGM meeting)

## Tasks

- Need to send an email to general membership about 3 months ahead.
- BR - Ignition Coil - Any good size sedan's ignition coil. Preferably high voltage and low voltage isolated - find some. V8 Commodore preferred.
- SM - Prospectus
- Everyone - Projects we can do for the Digital Culture Fund

## Minutes

### Membership

- Alumni Membership Discussion - voting or non-voting?
  - Price? \$120 / year (in advance)
  - No access to materials
  - All standard member web access stuffs.
  - Access to AGMs
- Supporting Membership? - probably not a "real" membership, just some sort of auto-donation system on the page?

### Correspondence

- Town of Vincent complained that our bins were left outside.
  - \$40 per bin to get them back if we do it again.
  - We shall endeavour to not do it again
- New premises
  - Nothing heard back from the Drake Street people yet.

### Chair's report

- Successful AGM
  - Reasonable numbers, everything got done, committee formed etc.

### Treasurer's Report

- \$1750 in the bank, \$3000 in rent owing.
- 1 New Full Member, 1 new Associate.
- May get 2 more Student Associate members.
- BR is not sure that he paid a bond, or if he did, has it run out?
- PayPal has all their details, so hopefully we will get that money unlocked.
- 3 Months in advance required as bond for all memberships except where it's more (i.e. Alumni Membership)
- For existing members they have 3 months to get 3 months ahead. If it's a problem - contact the committee.

### New Venues

- Possible place in Mt. Lawley (Town of Stirling side) that used to be a bakery
- North Perth Cowle street - possible venue.

### Arcophone

- What help to get it done?
  - More testers required
  - Workshop?
    - Maybe after we move to the new space and the board is sorted
