---
title: 2010-11-02
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:55:13.902Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:13:43.639Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2010.11.02

**Members Present**

-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Simon Kirkby (SK)
-   Peter Dreisiger (PD)
-   Skot McDonald (SM)
-   Brendan Ragan (BR)

**Meeting Times**

-   Opened: 19:58
-   Closed: 20:35
-   Next meeting: 16th November, 1930

**Action Items**

-   **New:** SM to do full account summaries for members.
-   **New:** PD will email core about cleanliness.
-   SM to forward insurance details to BR who will contact insurance company.
-   DH to chase outgoings breakdown and make an offer on a 5 year lease.
-   DC will email out to core about DCF.

**Minutes**

1.  Finalise agenda for this meeting
2.  Minutes of previous meeting
    1.  SM and SK move that we accept the minutes of previous meeting.
3.  Appoint New Chairman
    1.  SM moves that DH becomes Chairman. SK seconds.
    2.  No one else is missing an office.
4.  Correspondence
    1.  Reply from the Real Estate agent (Mark Pellegrini) about the possible new venue
    2.  Recieved a request for our current insurance forms from our current landlord
5.  Office-holder Reports
    1.  Treasurer's Report
        1.  \$2600 in bank. Probably going to get used on Rent.
        2.  Full round of account summaries to all members.
6.  Property Reportback
    1.  Mark Pellegrini have made a counteroffer of \$27,000 per annum. 5% increase.
        1.  Counter-Counter offer of \$26,000 with increases at CPI and a review at 5 years. Still need to see what the outgoings are.
        2.  Or we can accept 27,000 indexed at CPI with the first 2 months free, review at 5 years.
        3.  We can't cover this with the current membership.
    2.  More backup plans.
        1.  we want to be closer than 20km from the city (Wangarra, Cockburn etc. are all within range)
7.  General Business
    1.  Cleanliness is a problem.
        1.  PD will email out about it.
    2.  Where are our CROs?
