---
title: 2010-12-14
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:55:34.150Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:14:14.160Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2010.12.14

**Members Present**

-   Skot McDonald (SM)
-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Brendan Ragan (BR)
-   Peter Dreisiger (PD)

**Meeting Times**

-   Opened: 19:41
-   Closed: 20:15
-   Next meeting: 21st December @ Guthrie (AF Mark 2) with co tenants

**Action Items**

-   **New:** PD will email core to discuss internet options. iiNet / VividWireless / other
-   **New:** PD to cancel existing phone and ADSL services
-   **New:** SM to email out core about move.
-   <s>SM to arrange a skip</s> (dropped)
-   <s>DH to document shelling in from outside on the wiki</s> (done)
-   SK to Message to core about Ghengis Con
-   PD to Get meta workshop info up and running
-   **New:** SM to forward co-tenants and landlord's details to Committee
-   **New:** PD to email core to think about nights / etc for the new space

**Minutes**

1.  Finalise agenda for this meeting
    1.  Need to discuss Old site clean out
2.  Minutes of previous meeting
    1.  All voted aye
3.  Correspondence
    1.  SM has been in discussions with both landlords which has resulted in:
        1.  Previous agent has accepted that we are moving out on the 15th of December
            1.  Some trepidation as to weather we will be ready
        2.  New co-tenants gave us early access
4.  Office-holder Reports
    1.  Treasuer's Report
        1.  approx \$5000 in the bank
        2.  spent money on Beer and Truck and some incidentals for move
5.  General Business
    1.  Internet
        1.  Disconnecting Amcom and ADSL, need something for new place
        2.  iiNet may sponsor us
        3.  VividWireless?
    2.  New space
        1.  need to plan out things with co-tenants
    3.  Need people to help clean tomorrow!
    4.  Hackbus?
        1.  Need to see it costed
        2.  Perhaps start with trailer / camper van
