---
title: 2010-09-09
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:54:46.939Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:13:05.201Z
---

#### Committee Members

-   Chairperson: Dave Cake (DC)
-   Secretary: Brendan Ragan (BR)
-   Deputy Secretary: Peter Dreisiger (PD)
-   Treasurer: SKoT McDonald (SM)
-   Deputy Treasurer: Daniel Harmsworth (DH)

#### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 20:41
-   Closed: 21:34
-   Next Meeting: 11th of September (after the AGM meeting)

#### Tasks

-   PD will send a call-to-committee email to -core because we are recieving noms on the day.
-   DC will do the report except as noted below:
    -   SM needs to do financial reports at the AGM.
    -   SM & DH need to do the report on the potential future sites.

#### Minutes

1.  AGM stuff.
    1.  Proxies? (One from Jason Muirhead).
    2.  Nominations? (Four - David Cake, Brendan Ragan, Peter Dreisiger, Daniel Harmsworth).
    3.  Can people send in nominations by proxy - yes, as long as they inform the chair and someone needs to second them on the day.
    4.  Not calling for Auditor.
    5.  SM will be doing financial reports at the AGM.
    6.  Alumni Membership.
        1.  Discounted per-day/per-night fees, access to the IT accounts. After 12 months perhaps.
    7.  Mailing list? Read only access unless you are an active member.
    8.  Food after the main AGM.
    9.  Committee meeting after the AGM.
        1.  Discuss Alumni Membership.
        2.  Discuss selling Artifactory branded products.
