---
title: 2010-12-21
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:55:40.346Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:14:23.922Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2010.12.21

**Members Present**

-   Skot McDonald (SM)
-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Brendan Ragan (BR)
-   Peter Dreisiger (PD)
-   Simon Kirkby (SK)

**Meeting Times**

-   Opened: 19:31
-   Closed: 20:06
-   Next meeting: 4th January

**Action Items**

-   SK to Message to core about Ghengis Con
-   PD to Get meta workshop info up and running
-   PD to email core to think about nights / etc for the new space
-   **New:** SM will email out to Core about the new Factor/Incubator Spaces and ask for objections/expressions of interest.
-   **New:** PD will email out to Core about Promotions Manager
-   **New:** PD will email out to Core about Membership Manager

**Minutes**

1.  Finalise agenda for this meeting
2.  Minutes of previous meeting
    1.  All voted aye
3.  Correspondence
    1.  Various conversations with Noel about Artifactory 1.0 shutdown
        1.  Handrail replacement
        2.  May have 1 day's rent taken out due to late vacation.
    2.  Informed insurance that we've moved
4.  Office-holder Reports
    1.  Chairman would like to thank all those who assisted with moving the Artifactory
        1.  Special thanks to SM for arranging stuffs
    2.  Treasurer's Report
        1.  \$4500 in bank (approx.) \$1700 in fees due in for members.
        2.  SM is owed \$7500 for the move, and has first dibs on bond money coming back in.
        3.  2 Members (\$100ea) likely to join in the New Year
        4.  Dept. Treasurer needs to get on the bank account, and be shown about internet banking
        5.  Committee moves that \$3000 from the prior bond to SM to repay moneys owed. Seconded by SK, passed unanimously.
    3.  Property Report
        1.  We are now in the artfiactory mark 2
        2.  First Co-Tenants meeting today. Action items taken by PD are available [here](/committee/co-tenants_meeting_2010.12.21)
        3.  Internet is being dealt with
        4.  Electricity will be covered at recurring co-tenants meetings
        5.  Supplies for kitchen and bathroom
        6.  Bin will be discussed at co-tenants meeting.
        7.  Much Setup to do!
5.  General Business
    1.  Members Renting office space
        1.  We have keen people.
        2.  Effectively, we'd need to charge \$200 per month (including Artifactory membership) per person in the Incubator zone.
        3.  Mailout needs to go to Core about these incubator spaces. (SM will do this)
    2.  New positions on Committee and Subcommittees
        1.  Promotions Manager! - PD will email core asking for this person
        2.  Promotions Committee
            1.  Should have people on it from the various University
            2.  Sponsorship and Badgering
        3.  Membership Officer - PD will email core asking for this person.
            1.  Keeping track of membership. Maintaining the Authoritative Database.
        4.  Subcommittees
            1.  General Infrastructure (Ventilation etc.)
            2.  OH&S
            3.  Promotions
            4.  Power?
            5.  Networking?
