---
title: Committee Meeting - 2011-07-16
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:57:11.800Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:16:36.840Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2011.07.16

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

1.  DH will set up openERP for Artifactory.
2.  BR needs a large ladder to check for wireless access.
3.  BR needs to send out nomination stuff for AGM.
4.  SM will do the "Artifactory CV"

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Peter Dreisiger
-   Jenna Downing
-   Skot McDonald
-   Brendan Ragan
-   Daniel Harmsworth
-   Simon Kirkby
-   Jason Muirhead

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:11
-   Closed: 11:51

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted          |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | Skot McDonald     |
| Seconded By | Daniel Harmsworth |

### Correspondence

-   NAB wants addresses and roles of everyone on committee for accounts
-   Instant Waste Management are generating more email
-   No correspondence from the tenants
-   Scitech want us to present 2 talks as part of Analog & Digital as part of science week
-   Tos Mahoney (Tura) wants a Paper about the Arcophone and running a gig at Artifactory

### Property Report

-   Leak in the tool room, Reported to andrew with photos - nothing moved

### Officer Reports

#### Chairpersons Report

-   Nothing to report

#### Treasurers Report

-   Okay for August, but september might be interesting.
-   Banked \$370 ish from drinks and fridge tin.

#### Membership Officers Report

-   Shay is not here

#### Promotions Officers Report

-   No Change
-   No more flyers in jaycar - do we have a new one?
    -   Stack of various flyers, take some!

#### Arts Liaison Officers Report

-   Spatula is coming to the Open Day!

### Previous Action Items Status

-   Many items completed

### Sub-Committee Reports

### Arts Report

-   Spatula want a residency so they can build a bike. They have little money but are willing to trade running workshops for less money up front.
    -   Student membership for one, and then running workshops.
    -   Quick turnaround youth grant - \$3000 for lots of people under 26
    -   Offline it for email discussion.

### Agenda Items

-   Possible Tenants - Silent Disco Mob
    -   We are doing the hard sell
    -   Meeting with them at 1PM
-   We need to start prep for AGM - nominations
    -   BR needs to send out nomination stuff!
-   Noisemaschin 1
    -   50 people possibly.
    -   JM to do a drinks run to make sure fridge is stocked.
    -   Need to make the Artifactory ready for the event.
    -   Bose 802's will be fine.
-   Symbiotica Bio-Hacking workshop
    -   \$1500 to run it (equipment etc. costs)
    -   if we get 24 people it's \$70, if we get 32 it's \$45 per head. need to see if we have those numbers
    -   Two day workshop
    -   We need some more time - probably early November is a good idea.

### General Business

-   City of Stirling Grants
    -   Big event grant not applicable (need to be running for 5 years)
    -   Mini-Maker Faire possible, \$3000 grant available from CoS.
-   Need to make a CV style page on the Wiki.
-   Nutty Professor thing
    -   We have a free booth.
    -   Need people to bring stuff down.
-   Harvey Lions
    -   Lions clubs would be interested in the Travelling Hackbus.
    -   They have all-encompassing insurance.
-   BBC Entertainment & Spirit Productions
    -   Good event management companies
-   Cosplay workshop / turning the space into a cosplay friendly zone
    -   People are getting overlockers.

### Action Items Resulting

-   BR needs to send out nomination stuff for AGM.
-   SM will do the "Artifactory CV"
