---
title: Committee Meeting - 2011-08-10
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:57:18.116Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:16:46.791Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2011.08.10

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

1.  DH will set up openERP for Artifactory.
2.  BR needs a large ladder to check for wireless access.
3.  SM will do the "Artifactory CV"

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Peter Dreisiger
-   Skot McDonald
-   Brendan Ragan
-   Daniel Harmsworth
-   Jason Muirhead

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 20:40
-   Closed: 21:06

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted      |
|-------------|---------------|
| Moved By    | Brendan Ragan |
| Seconded By | Skot McDonald |

### Correspondence

-   Approached by Andrew Wheatley to take over the main lease
    -   Everyone seems to be in agreement
    -   We need to write a letter of intent (Andrew wants it ASAP)
    -   We will tell him to pay the costs for him to take it over
    -   Anthony will continue on
        -   We will use a REIWA standard contract to avoid lawyer fees
-   Bills from Skip people, they have been paid
-   Correspondence from Symbiotica about biohacking, we've put it off until Nov.

### Property Report

-   Nothing to report.
-   Things are messy post GSPA, we should probably clean up.

### Officer Reports

#### Chairpersons Report

-   Proposed AGM for the 17th of September.

#### Treasurers Report

-   \$3800 in bank. Member income is \$2875 per month, 5 offices rented \$500
-   Outgoings is currently \$3211
-   Apparently the super-lease is \$3500, so our outgoings will move to \$3700 or something, but Anthony should cover the difference.
-   Sadness. :(
-   Great Steampunk Affare donated extra booze.

#### Membership Officers Report

-   Shay is not here

#### Promotions Officers Report

-   Promoting stuff via social medias.
-   More pamphlet drop required! Need new pamphlet!
-   Our blog is kind of sad - needs more conte

#### Arts Liaison Officers Report

-   Spatula is coming to the Open Day!

### Previous Action Items Status

-   BR needs to send out nomination stuff for AGM. - Done!
-   DH will set up openERP for Artifactory.
    -   PD - Debian with OpenERP installed but not configured
    -   PD - hopefully in on Saturday!
-   PD has brought back one of the new ESXi servers, needs VM migration though.

### Sub-Committee Reports

### Arts Report

-   Treasurer would like to apologize to the Arts officer due to missing bits.

### Agenda Items

-   Brendan Ragan moves that we have a Standard AGM on the 17th of September at 1400
    -   Peter Dreisiger seconds
    -   SM, PD, BR all vote in favour.
    -   Motion Passes, notice has been sent

### General Business

-   Silent Disco question
    -   They are on indefinitely at the moment
-   PD's group at BHP is looking for a meeting room to meet in
    -   SM was looking at a space nearer the city for a monthly/weekly do, perhaps these two things could be combined...
-   Diesel Transit Van
    -   Needs some repair - goes out to core!

### Action Items Resulting

-   SM & DH to draft letter of intent
