---
title: 2011-11-16
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:57:36.705Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:17:18.637Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2011.11.16

## Agenda

-   Special meeting regarding property

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   SKoT McDonald (SM)
-   Jason Muirhead (JM)
-   Antony Lord (AL)
-   Nick Bannon (NB)
-   Brendan Ragan (BR)

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 19:35
-   Closed: 20:33
-   Next meeting: TBA

### Agenda Items

1.  Venue issues
    1.  The super-lesse has not been paying it's rent, thus we were denied access on the weekend.
    2.  We are looking to take over the space - but this involves more cost
    3.  How much?
        1.  Right now we pay \$2900 - \$2100 in rent, \$800 in outgoings and fees.
        2.  It's approximately \$3600 a month, with an \$8000 bond.
        3.  Existing offices, Andrew claims that he bought them off the previous tenants, and paid some amount of money.
            1.  Don will know how much this actually was.
            2.  Perhaps worthy of a grant application?
    4.  Where are we financially?
        1.  33 Financial Members in October.
        2.  We invoice \$2600 or so a month in terms of memberships (October was \$1700 in terms of memberships).
        3.  In the new year we should be at about \$3000 in memberships per month.
        4.  We have \$4900 in the bank.
        5.  We are paid until the 11th of December on the rent.
        6.  No outstanding invoices.
        7.  Monthly all up we need about \$3300. Estimate we'll need \$4000 in revenue to cover everything.
        8.  \$11,000 in liabilities.
    5.  Can we move?
        1.  We are asking City of Stirling about some sort of space.
        2.  Can we explore getting arts grants for this space?
        3.  Talking to the media about a story to shake the trees.
        4.  We need to hit all the university departments, council etc.
    6.  Skot Moves that we attempt to take over the superlease.
        1.  Nick seconds.
        2.  All present voted "Aye"

### Call out to members

1.  Event volunteering.
2.  People to rattle the cages.
3.  Slides to put at the beginning of presentations to advertise the Artifactory.
    1.  Resources for engineers?
4.  Student member posters with a referral "link" at the bottom.
5.  5 Minute advertising/infomercial video.
