---
title: 2011-01-04
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:55:46.599Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:14:33.264Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2011.01.04

**Members Present**

-   Skot McDonald
-   Brendan Ragan
-   Daniel Harmsworth

Apologies from Peter Dreisiger (PD), Simon Kirkby (SK)

**Meeting Times**

-   Opened: 21:07
-   Closed: 21:36
-   Next meeting: 18th January.

**Action Items**

-   PD to Get meta workshop info up and running
-   PD to email core to think about nights / etc for the new space
-   BR to harass people about wireless internets etc.
-   SM to get details of all other committee details to andrew etc.

**Minutes**

1.  Finalise agenda for this meeting
2.  Minutes of previous meeting
3.  Correspondence
    1.  SM had conversations with Sydney Hackspace
        1.  Little Bird wanted to run Sydney Hackspace as a fan club
        2.  WA is the premier Hackspace in Australia by a large margin, due to equipment and monies
        3.  Skot will be visiting the Sydney one this weekend (9th)
4.  Office-holder Reports
    1.  Treasurer's Report
        1.  PD acting treasurer in Skot's absence - email to core reported this info.
        2.  Monthly shortfall is currently about \$600
        3.  6 Keys were cut
    2.  Chairman's Report
        1.  Sent some email out to get infrastructure running, will continue pushing to get things happening.
5.  General Business
    1.  Wirly bird installation - DH will ask his family about them
    2.  Moving Air Con exhaust outside
    3.  Endorsement of a safer-space statement and poster --- draft available [here](/committee/policies/safer_space)
        1.  There needs to be a policy, needs to be by-laws that reflect these concepts
    4.  New committee and sub-committee positions
        1.  PD sent an email to -core; so far has received one volunteer for IT infrastructure and one for physical. No takers yet on the promotions or membership manager positions.
    5.  Workshops
        1.  PD has spoken (in person) to a couple of members about running an electronics and a more artist oriented workshop.
        2.  PD has also has spoken to Michelle Outram about running some additional workshops/seminars. Potential themes, subject to interest, include (a) how to run a workshop; (b) how to apply for arts grants (and the DCF in particular); (c) how to establish an artist/hacker-in-residence program; and (d) what is art/the overlap between technology and art. Email to follow.
        3.  RAID workshop
