---
title: Committee Meeting - 2011-03-19
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:56:24.811Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:15:29.028Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2011.03.19

\*\*Members Present \*\*

-   Daniel Harmsworth
-   Simon Kirkby
-   Brendan Ragan
-   Peter Dreisiger
-   Skot McDonald

**Meeting Times**

-   Opened: 10:49
-   Closed: 11:48
-   Next meeting: 2nd April, 1300

**Action Items**

-   PD to email core to think about nights / etc for the new space
-   SK will set up openERP for Artifactory
-   SM will write grovel letter to St. Marys
-   BR will organize a co-tenants meetings.
-   BR will arrange Naked DSL.
-   SM will recover the twitter account.

**Minutes**

1.  Minutes of previous meeting
    1.  SM Moves, BR seconds
2.  Additions to agenda
    1.  Mailing List Rationalization/Consolidation
    2.  Value add services for Incubator Spaces
    3.  Space Conservation & Power
    4.  Workshop space construction & funding
3.  Correspondence
    1.  Landlord is questioning the Unregistered Car
        1.  We think this is fine, it's in the parking bounds, it's being used for a project
    2.  Skip account moved into our control
4.  Property report
    1.  We have control of the Skip.
    2.  We have a floodlight out the back.
    3.  Internet password has been gotten by BR - he can now arrange some internet access for the space and will do so on monday
        1.  We will get iiNet Naked Business 2 - any objections to be told to BR by monday morning.
    4.  Existing internet access charges / phone charges for co-tenant, we need to get people to pay us.
5.  Office-holder Reports
    1.  Chairman
        1.  Yay for open day
        2.  2 Kits have shipped! yay!
        3.  Scitech Analog to Digital went well, Arcophone 2
    2.  Treasurer
        1.  Emailed report
        2.  Still catching up with Treasury stuff, PD is happy to do some stuff to take load off SM
    3.  Publicity
        1.  Nothing since Open Day / Scitech Analog to Digital.
        2.  Music night, Alternating Friday and Saturday nights when the sound gear is not rented out.
        3.  We are now on SpaceMarket! <http://www.spacemarket.com.au/>
    4.  Arts Liason
        1.  Not here :(
6.  Outstanding Action Items
    1.  PD to email core to think about nights / etc for the new space
    2.  BR to harass people about wireless internets -
    3.  SK will determine what we are on.
        1.  Done
    4.  SK will determine what the current PSTN line is.
        1.  Done
    5.  SK will set up openERP for Artifactory
        1.  SK has all the bits and pieces, we just need a VM for it
    6.  BR will set up VoIP for Artifactory
        1.  Done.
    7.  SM and BR will arrange the Sundowner on the 5th of march.
        1.  Done.
    8.  SM will write grovel letter to St. Marys
    9.  BR will organize a co-tenants meetings.
        1.  Probably the 29th.
    10. SM will recover the twitter account.
        1.  Almost Done!
7.  Mailing List Rationalization/Consolidation
    1.  Announce - for events that get announced
    2.  Members only
8.  Value add services for Incubator Spaces
    1.  DH was chatting with some PLUG people who are thinking about a desk. Apparently they like that we have VoIP.
    2.  Good to develop a set of Value Add Services.
9.  Space Conservation & Power
    1.  DH was concerned about things taking up lots of space.
    2.  Need for set limits so that we aren't just picking on people.
    3.  If it takes up more than 1M2 and the committee notices it, it will be reviewed.
10. Workshop space construction & funding
    1.  Roughly about \$1500
    2.  Finance this the same way as the Lathe - \$100 to \$200 donations from people with a nice plaque.
11. General Business
    1.  More begging letters
    2.  More community outreach
