---
title: 2011-10-19
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:57:30.524Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:17:08.883Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2011.10.19

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

-   <s>BR needs a large ladder to check for wireless access</s>: Done: Anton one
-   <s>DH and PD to chase up Andrew re: letter of intent</s>:
-   <s>DH will set up openERP for Artifactory</s> Closed: CitrusDB installed instead and configured/populate
-   SM will do the "Artifactory CV"

### Additional Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Jason Muirhead (JM)
-   Peter Dreisiger (PD)
-   Antony Lord (AL)
-   Skot McDonald (SM)
-   Nick Bannon (NB)
-   Brendan Ragan (BR)

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 19:50
-   Closed: 21:10
-   Next meeting: in a month

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|:------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | Peter D           |
| Seconded By | Anton             |

### Correspondence

-   Skot: Polytech event
-   Anton: Hopshed, free hops for not-for-profits
-   Jason: instant Waste back-invoiced us for about \$70 that was delayed due to changes in their billing system

### Property Report

-   JM has talked to Andrew Wheatley and Anthony. AW behind on super-lease payments, suspect we won't be able to change lease until these arrears are paid. Discussions also highlighted confusion on the \$20k cost on furnishings and air-conditioning; currently expected earliest take-over date around March.
-   Still waiting to hear back from the property manager re: errors in bills
-   New lights out back thanks to Anton

### Officer Reports

#### Chairpersons Report

-   All members invited to attend the Nutty Professors event
-   Letter from Jenna re: arts grant for a 100-150W CO2 laser cutter -- LotteryWest and other funding bodies? Details of cost and access to be discussed, but expect it will be coin-operated; Ian Murray from Curtin also happy to write a letter of reference

#### Treasurers Report

-   Bank Account Balance: \$5,400
-   Lockbox: \$288.15, \$550 month to date, \$363 paid out MTD, \$200 of which were spent out on unplanned bits (powerboards, crockery)
-   Procedures for regulating unfetted spends were discussed --- \$250 per month, to be approved retrospectively by the committee. Anton suggested people call Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer prior to exceptional purchases.
-   Memberships paid 1 Oct to 19 Oct 2011: \$1,837, of the estimated \$2,800 (note the unusual number is due to new members paying pro rata to 1 Nov 2011).
-   Events (AU and NM): \$220 in tickets (note we've had several Associate Concession members join from AU and the numbers were a little down)
-   Bad debt: \$400 confirmed of the \$1,500 guestimate
    1.  Motion to pay Skot \$1,000 from Peter D's contribution and thus reducing Artifactory's liability to Skot: JM moved, BR seconded. Skot's liability \~\$9k, PD \$1k5, then less than \$500
    2.  Proposal for Never-Never liabilities going forward to be addressed through membership fee reduction when liability exceeds certain value (e.g. \$2,000)
    3.  estimate chattel costs for take-over of space will be \~\$6k in bond, \$4-8k in fittings (for aircon and furnishings)
    4.  Motion: membership dues are paid out of liabilities over a \$2000 threshold, subject to review by treasurer. PD Moved, AL seconded
    5.  Now we are buying stuff with revenue we should consider how the space will select equipment to be purchased and what equipment will be maintained using member contributions vs consumables that are considered a "you used it up you replace it" item. These systems will be important for justifying to the members where their money is going as at the moment it could be seen as at the whim of the committee.
    6.  The value of the memberships invoiced was \$3,350 at 1 Oct, several new members have since been added.
    7.  Should people who are considerably behind in their payments want to stay on, with some (not all) of their back payment forgiven due to them not using the space, then I recommend we do as the membership revenue as invoiced meets expenses --- should probably use register/sign-in to track site usage (required if we get a club licence) and also to track itinerant members.
    8.  Motion to establish a separate interest bearing account accessed only through the internet for bonds; all bond payments going forward will go into that account and we aim to make a monthly payment from the cash on hand (the existing bank account) to the bond account to reduce the current bond liability. SM moved, JM seconded.

#### Infrastructure Report

-   Proposed introducing labelling scheme to list who something belongs to, when it was brought in and when it was last used
-   Documenting of projects on wiki to help promote the space; suggested documenting of Artifactory-supported/sponsored projects is required; also group project/space-based works proposals go through
-   Theft wiki page for short-term borrowing; also could double as a disposal book.

### Agenda Items

1.  Garden purchases: Authorise Anton to Buy Soil and reimburse. Anything with a relatively low cost to high member labor leading to space improvement ratio should be green lighted! Estimated less than \$80.
2.  Propose increase cost of soft drinks to \$2 per can; slated as a test for the to-be-built voting system, possibly as \$1.50
3.  Events:
    1.  Sat 22 Oct: Nutty Professors' away team is a go; Rapture Electronic Music night is a go (\$10 entry to non members. BR: did you organize license in end?)
    2.  Mon 24 Oct: Reprap/electronics/classic comp Q: Who looks out for new members / charges visitors at these? Anyone structuring the content at all?
    3.  Wed 25 Oct: Polytech West visit (morning), Arduino University 3 - networking
    4.  Tues 22 Nov: NM5
4.  Artist talks
    1.  Sat 5 Nov: Artist Talk with Jeffrey Drake-Brockman.
    2.  Suggest we get Spatula to commit to an Artist Talk now they are post-exhibition...? SM to raise
5.  Call for washing machine for the space

### General Business

-   SM: suggested a bi-annual student project proposal/competition to raise campus awareness --- unis soon, TAFE later (CIT funded)

### Action Items Resulting
