---
title: Committee Meeting - 2011-03-05
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:56:18.549Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:15:19.744Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2011.03.05

\*\*Members Present \*\*

-   Daniel Harmsworth
-   Simon Kirkby
-   Brendan Ragan
-   Shay Telfer
-   Skot McDonald
-   Peter Dreisiger

**Meeting Times**

-   Opened: 13:31
-   Closed: 13:57
-   Next meeting: 19th, 10am

**Action Items**

-   PD to email core to think about nights / etc for the new space
-   BR to harass people about wireless internets etc.
-   SK will determine what we are on.
-   SK will determine what the current PSTN line is.
-   SK will set up openERP for Artifactory
-   BR will set up VoIP for Artifactory
-   SM and BR will arrange the Sundowner on the 5th of march.
-   SM will write grovel letter to St. Marys
-   BR will organize a co-tenants meetings.
-   SM will recover the twitter account.

**Minutes**

1.  Minutes of previous meeting
    1.  BR accepts, DH Seconds
2.  Correspondence
    1.  Electricity bill, again for the full amount.
    2.  Renew on the same terms, if we don't use the payment plan we save 10%
    3.  Rio replied to a grant request
    4.  London Hackspace looking for a car window.
3.  Property report
    1.  Air con controller has been moved.
    2.  Skip people haven't picked up because there's some problem with the account.
    3.  Office ethernet is in the building network at the moment.
    4.  Need to send a note to the co-tenants about cigarette smoke.
4.  Office-holder Reports
    1.  Chairman has nothing
    2.  Treasuer
        1.  had \$8000 in account, \$7000 is owing to Skot. Paid march rent.
        2.  Insurance will be \$2200
        3.  Still about \$600 per month short of breaking even.
        4.  Begging letters went out to Rio and BHP.
5.  Publicity Report
    1.  GR went to ECU Mt. Lawley, Curtin and UWA for their respective O-Days
    2.  Events need to go on the Facebook and Wordpress.
    3.  Space on the front page for advertisements (Artifactory specific ads - for projects, for incubator space etc.)
6.  Artist Liaison
    1.  Artist in residence programme. Emails have gone out to the Australia Council, Digital Culture Fund.
    2.  Could liase with artists and those communities as well as figure out what an Artist in residence programme would look like.
    3.  Lots of interest in this space, but they don't know we exist.
7.  Insurance
    1.  We will pay in advance
8.  General Business
    1.  Committee praises GR for it's help in advertising.
    2.  DH - Lathe funds need to be checked and released, PD seconds.
    3.  St. Mary's letter
        1.  Need to specifically mention surplus equipment donations.
