---
title: 2011-06-04
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:56:58.822Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:16:17.831Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2011.06.04

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

1.  DH will set up openERP for Artifactory.
2.  BR needs a large ladder to check for wireless access.
3.  BR needs to get a quote for AV items.
4.  JD & SM preparing for 6×6 presentation.
5.  BR send message to property manager about flooding.
6.  BR will talk to the t-shirt guy about shirts.

### Additional Items

1.  Review & Ratify the proposed [stuff_policy](/committee/policies/stuff_policy)
2.  Schedule of Steampunk event nights

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Peter Dreisiger
-   Jenna Downing
-   Skot McDonald
-   Brendan Ragan
-   Daniel Harmsworth

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 13:35
-   Closed: 13:54
-   Next meeting: 18th June

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted          |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | Skot McDonald     |
| Seconded By | Daniel Harmsworth |

### Correspondence

-   GDC emails
    -   4PM Thursday the 9th to meet Peter

### Property Report

-   Bins got emptied!
-   Stuff survey after the meeting

### Officer Reports

#### Chairpersons Report

-   Doing stuff with GDC
    -   Promotion and Collaboration
-   Preparing Open Day

#### Treasurers Report

-   Will start work on the End of Year accounts soon

#### Membership Officers Report

-   Shay is in San Francisco

#### Promotions Officers Report

-   No Change

#### Arts Liaison Officers Report

-   Spatula is coming to the Open Day!

### Previous Action Items Status

-   No change. Various people will do stuff today.

### Sub-Committee Reports

### Agenda Items

-   Review & Ratify the proposed [stuff_policy](/committee/policies/stuff_policy)
-   Schedule of Steampunk event nights - subcommittee meeting will happen later today.

### General Business

-   Open Day Planning
    -   Cleaning!
    -   Bike needs to be made safe - no exposed terminals, and off to one side
    -   Hack Me shelves
        -   Too complex for the open day?
    -   Street Sign?
    -   Lathe Project?
        -   Basic Operations training
    -   Food?
        -   Sausage Sizzle
            -   Creating a BBQ / Bonfire thing
-   Members: Please don't use the fire extinguishers to hold down items for gluing

### Action Items Resulting
