---
title: Committee Meeting - 2011-04-30
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:56:45.154Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:15:58.308Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2011.04.30

\*\*Members Present \*\*

-   Daniel Harmsworth
-   Brendan Ragan
-   Skot McDonald
-   Jason Muirhead
-   Jenna Downing

**Meeting Times**

-   Opened: 13:25
-   Closed: 14:14
-   Next meeting: 30th April, 1300

**Action Items**

-   DH will set up openERP for Artifactory.
-   BR needs a large ladder to check for wireless access.
-   BR needs to get a quote for AV items.
-   JD & SM preparing for 6x6 presentation.
-   DH will sort out aluminium stock for milling.

**Minutes**

1.  Minutes of previous meeting
    1.  Accepted - DH moves, BR seconds
2.  Correspondence
    1.  Phone call from Andrew asking for the rent before the end of the month.
    2.  Last electricity bill hasn't been received so it hasn't been paid.
    3.  iiNet told us we can't have proper DSL - we are on a sub-exchange
    4.  Inventors have asked if we want a free stall at the innovation fair
    5.  Antony asked for a meeting last wednesday at 6PM but no Antony
    6.  6x6 in early june - 6 artists for 20 minutes each - we're one of those 6.
3.  Property Report
    1.  We have built more shelves
    2.  Daniel has built the Mobile Tool Wall
    3.  FSCK'ing roller door has not been left closed
4.  Action Items
    1.  SK has not done the openERP?
        1.  DH will do it.
5.  Chairman's Report
    1.  Nothing to report.
6.  Treasurer's Report
    1.  We have one month's rent in reserve (until end of june)
    2.  We need 6 more FME's
7.  Art Liason's Report
    1.  Haven't heard back from Pinstripe Circus.
8.  Promotions Report
    1.  Not a lot has gone out
    2.  Training Day on the 14th.
    3.  6x6 talk in early June
    4.  Need another Open Day (first weekend in June)
9.  T-Shirt Comp
    1.  DH's design moved, everyone voted for it.
10. Fundraising
    1.  T-Shirt!
    2.  Stickers?
        1.  JD will be stickermasterâ„¢
    3.  Lotterywest money
        1.  Need clubs to use the venue
        2.  Pricing on:
            1.  4K Projector & Screen.
            2.  Wireless Microphone.
            3.  Computer.
            4.  Upgrade to the PA system / PA system.
            5.  Recording stuff.
        3.  Photos / Videos of events to prove we have them.
11. Training Session
    1.  Mason has offered to do Swarf-o-Mat training.
    2.  DH will teach people to use the mill
    3.  SM will teach people to use vCarve
    4.  BD will teach people to use the Lathe
    5.  Need to get stock
    6.  Need to email list to bring money
12. General Business
    1.  Security subcommittee
        1.  Russ is interested
        2.  DH, BD and Russ
        3.  Fix the door - Anton is doing that.
        4.  Invite Anton to Security subcommittee
