---
title: Committee Meeting - 2012-02-18
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:58:02.433Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:17:55.682Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2012.02.18

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Peter Dreisiger (PD)
-   SKoT McDonald (SM)
-   Jason Muirhead (JM)
-   Nick Bannon (NB)
-   Brendan Ragan (BR)

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:50
-   Closed: 12:35
-   Next meeting: 03-Mar-2012

### Action Items

-   PD to prepare space-hunting your-space-needs-you email to -core
-   SM to prepare the same for events

### Agenda Items

1.  Previous minutes accepted: Motioned by SKoT, seconded by Peter
2.  Correspondence
    1.  JM: several phone calls with property manager (to encourage meeting and follow-up)
    2.  JM: chased up Synergy and accounts in arrears (power should've been cut off on 2nd after three notices)
    3.  JM: emailed Anthony re: handing-over of the lease -- might need to bring Skot into negotiations
    4.  SM: two letters from the 'Professionals' still thinking they're our manager
    5.  DH: shout-out on WBAI on Off-the-hook (14-Feb-2012)
    6.  DH: approached councils on train-lines re: spaces
3.  Property Report
    1.  Moving into the front office: can move server rack into the front office today
    2.  Keep the space clean!
4.  Officer Reports
    1.  Chairpersons Report
        1.  congratulations to Arduino-U people on a good night (about 15 people on Wednesday, many cosplay) -- should target other groups
        2.  publicity on Off-the-Hook
    2.  Treasurers Report
        1.  see email
        2.  electricity costs (\~\$8 per day/ energy audit
    3.  Events
        1.  Skot now has a restricted club manager licence so we can now run a bar
        2.  Noisemaschin and Rapture coming up next Saturday and Tuesday
        3.  Residency applications in and selected: Christopher de Grout and Nathan Thompson, to be funded by Noisemaschin revenues. Motioned by JM, seconded by PD
5.  Membership
    1.  3 new members this year: Skot motioned to accept, Jason seconded
6.  Events
    1.  Open Day/Tool training day
        1.  just after university O'Days -- early March, details TBD
        2.  nothing from Perth Innovation Month(?), sometime in early April
7.  Grants
    1.  SM: updated prospectus from 2010, to go onto wiki for collaborative editing
    2.  DH: about 80% through the Lottery West grant application -- would be helpful to have connections with politicians, etc.
    3.  BR: how we can get something like SwanCon's Lottery West grant for a by-donation open day, focussing on Arduino U, etc.
8.  Subcommittee Reports
    1.  Security: server-side of door lock side done by DH; BD getting an in Arduino with more memory, pending
9.  General Business:
    1.  email to -core re: raising money for chattel
        1.  committee says \$7k too much, suggest \$5k, need to get pledges;
        2.  if members don't want to fundraise, offer AudioVault the option to buy out: PD to write draft, send to JM
