---
title: 2012-09-08 - Post AGM
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:58:42.483Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:18:51.277Z
---

### Inaugural committee meeting for Perth Artifactory

Date: Sat 8th

Location: Perth Artifactory

Meeting opened 2.30pm

#### Members present

-   Skot McDonald, Chris Bashol, Brett Downing, Jason Muirhead, Nick Bannon, Daniel Harmsworth, Jenna Downing
-   Apologies from Peter Dreisiger, Brendan Ragan

#### Allocation of new positions

-   Jenna D new Secretary, Brendan R deputy Secretary
-   Daniel H new Treasurer, Jason M deputy Treasurer
-   Peter D new Membership Officer
-   Nick B new Chair, Jason M deputy Chair
-   Skot keeping position of Events Manager/Deconflictor
-   Anton keeping position of Infrastructure tzar, Brett minion to Infrastructure Tzar

### AGENDA ITEMS

#### Events Subcommittee

-   Chris (AV) and Brendan will join Skot in the new Events sub-committee

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Will start wrangling organisers to decide on dates (esp Arduino events), perhaps put up a year planner above the bar

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Skot has a few audio events in mind, Industrial and Solid State, which should be good money-raisers

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Skot remembers there is a Crypto party coming up

#### Infrastructure subcommittee

-   ACTION

\- Lighting rig

\- Washing machine, dishwasher

\- Backyard plan

\- Gantry crane with guard-shark

#### Former Treasurer's Comments

-   Jason: today we are sitting at \$2403, needs to be more like \$3600 after rent?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   skip bin has been getting much use and has crept up to \$100 /month (included in prev figures provided in AGM treasurer report)

#### Approve membership list

-   one new member, David Lark, as of this month. No new members in August

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   3 new associates who have paperwork and will join up soon

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   David Lark accepted, passed unanimously

### GENERAL BUSINESS

#### Fundraising

-   Nick spoke to his girlfriend who works at Masters, they are booked up until next year both sat/sun. huge queues.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We've already tried Bunnings, but they don't know what a Hackerspace is. Too much red tape.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Is it worth the TIME? Just need someone who is willing to push it

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Nick, Anton to visit Bunnings and write a ltter to head office

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Committee approves the formation of the fundraising subcommittee comprised of Nick, Anton, and other volunteers from the list

#### Next meeting

-   Next meeting in a month for those settling into new roles

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Sat October 6th 11am

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Skot suggests that meetings be broadcast more broadly to get the general membership more involved, especially for sub-committees.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Send a link out with minutes to core so that the general membership can actually read them

#### Correspondence (lasercutter)

-   Daniel has been tipped off about a cheap back-up lasercutter option failing Lotterywest

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   one like they use at TAFE: 80W 5500

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   cheaper option! 40W 3500 - no raster, much less features.. but cuts stuff

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Nick suggests raising 5500 is almost as easy to raise as 3500..

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We're almost at 4 month wait for Lottery West to get back to us

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Daniel to chase that up. Grant Chaser

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Grant Subcommittee formed: Daniel: tech-related grants, Jenna: Art-related grants, Skot: Audio-reated grants

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Daniel and Jenna and Brett and Anton to work with Adam (TAFE) on a fabrication workshop for creatives

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Skot to get the window cad machines all set up (vcarve, visual studio, blender, \$99 Alibra? putty) ready for running CAD/CAM classes

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION make sure committee gets all the committee stuff (wiki permissions etc)

##### Meeting closed 3pm with consumption of beer

### ACTION summary

-   ACTION Skot will start wrangling organisers to decide on dates (esp Arduino events), perhaps put up a year planner above the bar

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Nick, Anton to visit Bunnings and write a letter to head office

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Jenna send a link out with minutes to core so that the general membership can actually read them

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION infrastructure sub-committee

\- Lighting rig

\- Washing machine, dishwasher

\- Backyard plan

\- Gantry crane with guard shark

-   ACTION Daniel to chase up Lottery West

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Daniel and Jenna and Brett and Anton to work with Adam (TAFE) on a fabrication workshop for creatives

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Skot to get the window cad machines all set up (Vcarve, visual studio, blender, \$99 Alibra? putty) ready for running CAD/CAM classes

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Daniel make sure committee gets all the committee stuff (wiki permissions etc)
