---
title: Committee Meeting - 2012-04-28
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:58:22.458Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:18:23.626Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2012.04.28

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Jason Muirhead (JM)
-   Anton Lord (AL)
-   Peter Dreisiger (PD)
-   Brendan Ragan (BR)
-   Nick Bannon (NB)

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:25
-   Closed: 12:25
-   Next meeting: TBC

### Correspondence

-   Have received signed lease assignment
-   Received our first electricity bills (\$7.50 per day)
-   Public building safety regulations issues still open: Anton, Jason and Skot to try for an initial meeting with City of Stirling
    -   not enough to say that we haven't made any changes to the electrics --- need an electrician to inspect and sign off that we meet public safety regulations
    -   current situation: we've had enough Rapture/Noizemachins to get noticed
    -   requirements: we can't get another liquor licence until we get a maximum-capacity ratings which we can't get until we get sign-off by an electrician
    -   plans ahead: let them know that we want to comply but we're going through a bunch of changes: we're going to move equipment into machine room, chase up electrics --- need working groups to help with the moving of equipment, chasing up of certification
    -   factors affecting the maximum number is related to (a) square meterage, (b) the number of toilets, (c) the number and size of exits

### Property Report

-   Junk remaining

### Officer Reports

#### Chairpersons Report

-   N/A

#### Treasurers Report

-   paid all of the rent until the end of April
-   we have \$740 in the bank, \$525 power bill
-   in May, we need \$3,600 to pay for rent and we don't have a Rapture coming; membership dues (including sub-letting dues) come to \$3,000
-   details of change in currency of dues will be sent out soon

#### Events Report

-   no more Raptures or NoizeMaschins until we get our liquor licence/public safety licence
-   discussion of inclusivity/embracing of visitors/new comers versus more structured and/or regular themed nights
-   how to improve things or make events and running of events more sustainable
    -   getting people to commit to running events, especially in person
    -   banquet to bring people (and partners/friends) together to get to know each other and lead to more organic discussions --- **action:** Anton to coordinate, Nick, Peter and Brandan offered to help organise the banquet

#### Membership Officers Report

-   New members: Amanda Worth, Michael Ludwig; Harry upgrading from concession associate to full shortly
-   Leaving members: Renae Cole
-   Committee accepts membership register as it stands

#### Infrastructure Officers Report

-   we have a tool room
    -   it's problematic however, as it has limited power (just two GPOs)
    -   from a dust-supression point of view, it's great, from a noise-reduction point of view, it needs major insulation work (and the ceiling needs some reinforcement)
-   we need a busy-bee to improve the space: **Action:** Anton to send out an email announcing some busy bees

### Hand-over of Squirtshirtz offices

-   Tool room has been cleared out and handed over
-   Anthony has until Monday the 30th to hand over the office --- if he doesn't, we will pack up his office for him
-   Anthony had requested to speak to Skot a week ago(?), unsure if he has

### AudioVault taking on of space

-   A/V has signed an agreement to take on the Anthony's ex-office

### Storage

-   Re: Paul's car, he has been asked to remove his car months ago --- propose we given him until the 14th of May to photograph and remove the vehicle, otherwise we will consider it dumped
    -   all in favour, Anton to notify Paul
-   Space audit to follow meeting

### Action Items Resulting
