---
title: Committee Meeting - 2012-06-02
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:58:28.810Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:18:33.040Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2012.06.02

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTIONITEMS

### Additional Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Nick Bannon (NB)
-   Peter Dreisiger (PD)
-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Anton Lord (AL)
-   Jason Muirhead (JM)
-   Brendan Regan (BR)

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:30
-   Closed: 12:15

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER          |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER       |

### Correspondence

-   AL: correspondence from City of Stirling --- all they want are architectural plans and sign-off from an electricial
-   DH: initial submission to LotteryWest; expect to hear from them in about four months
-   JM: the usual rental reminders

### Property Report

-   large effort on Wednesday to create a floor plan
-   new CAD room is getting a fair bit of use
-   phone lines: we have two --- one for our DSL which terminates in the office, the other which was used for Anthony's fax service

### Officer Reports

#### Chairpersons Report

-   space, arrangement and atmosphere has improved since we've taken over, and re-organised, the whole space
-   we've even had a few 3am hacking sessions

#### Treasurers Report

-   for this month we have \$3,575 worth of invoices (\$2,775 for memberships plus \$800 for the front office), plus \$100 in fridge monies
-   we are still quite close to the boundary of being able to pay rent of \$3,580

#### Events Officers Report

-   From Skot's email, NoizeMaschin did reasonably well, considering
-   AL mentioned the possibility of getting cheaper liquor once our licence comes through

#### Membership Officers Report

-   JM: we should find out what non- and ex-members think about the revised price point
-   PD: we could also offer a 'friends-of' membership, to be listed on the website and wiki
-   also the idea of providing credits to members for bringing in new members that remain for, say, at least three months
-   **Action**: perhaps we could draw out "I haven't joined up because..."; "I've joined but distance, price, ..." via polls on Facebook
-   **Action**: JM to draft an email to -committee outlining 'rewards' structures prior to forwarding on to -core

#### Infrastructure Officers Report

-   RFID system works
-   Pricing has been sent through for the machine room --- works are not essential unless we fit insulation, but recommendation is to proceed with basic works
-   Key holders as of the today: Daniel, Skot, Jason, Peter and Anton; keys to be used only in emergencies
-   Internet access
    -   BR reports that we do have one line that goes directly to the exchange; not sure if we're currently using the direct line or the one that goes through an intermediate exchange
    -   **Action**: JM to look at iiNet application and current prospectus

### Sub-Committee Reports

### IT Infrastructure

-   Network server and hardware shifted to the front office
-   ESXi server in the process of being replaced with a Xen-based one, initially to be kept in the CAD room while it's being worked on
    -   membership and financial databases have already been prepared for migration
-   BR will hack CitrusDB to support current/lagging/frozen membership; also who is ahead and by how much

### General Business

### Action Items Resulting
