---
title: 2012-12-01
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:59:03.616Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:19:23.835Z
---

### Committee meeting for Perth Artifactory 01/12/12

-   Date: 01/12/12
-   Location: Perth Artifactory
-   Meeting Opened: 13:50

#### Members present

-   Present: Nick B, Daniel H, Jenna D, Brendan R, Skot, Anton, Brett
-   Apologies: Chris Bashall, Peter D, Jason M

#### Previous minutes

Accepted

### AGENDA

#### Treasurer Report

-   over \$1000 - apologies, missed the actual amount
-   December’s rent paid in November
-   Jason taking over treasury while Daniel is away - until Feb
-   2 new members, one of which paid a year up front

#### Correspondence

-   Anton has called Bunnings - unsuccessfully - regarding sausage sizzles, Nick will also chase them up.
-   Guy who runs Space Cubed visited a couple of weeks ago - they got 200,000(!!) from Lottery West and 20,000 from City of Perth.. They are looking to open branch offices in other suburbs, are interested in having a hardware component, tickles Skot’s Imperial ambitions, Anton has good solid history with them. They are apparently backed by a large construction company.
-   We should try contacting the Wangara hackerspace again, see if they could use any assistance..

#### Lottery West grant

-   We should know by mid-late Jan if we have the money.
-   We should go for fundraising anyway - gives us options.
-   Daniel will discuss specs and details with Skot and interested parties.

#### Infrastructure Subcommittee

-   Bin mysteriously caught fire. Everything above board.
-   Our health and safety situation has blown up to a zoning issue. Unlikely to have a negative outcome - but we shall hold off building things that we couldn’t take with us (incl. extraction shed)
-   They need to be reminded that this is a very important issue for us!!

#### Audio Vault

-   No updates on the license, chasing up again on Monday.

#### Events

-   Wed 5th ArduinoU
-   TedX Sat 8th and...
-   RoboFair 9th zero prep so far.. Skot, Jason, Daniel will make noise on the list and get volunteers.
-   O-Days! Possibly not worth it - students too busy, no transport. Just hit up individual clubs. Kitty and Jenna to try to contact RoboGals again (apparently very difficult)
-   Organise an Artifactory open day in March just after the O-days, offer FIRST VISIT FREE - BRING THIS VOUCHER
-   Weekend of March 16th
-   Good NoiseMaschin!! Attendence has dedicated FB group
-   Ask Kitty or whoever to do up little reports for this section of minutes.. 3 people paid, one had never been before.

### Project reports

-   Daniel and Brett: New music server running MPD, run by RPi. Will be able to make sure all the amps turn on correctly etc.
-   Brett: Longtail/Lottery West Giant Wordplay Scratchy. Arduino Pro Mini. Great success. No major hardware failures three days running.

### GENERAL

-   Printers in the car park: Brendan seeing to their demolition. Demolition party Wednesday
-   Garry brought LONG cat5 to wire up our internets!

### ACTION SUMMARY

-   (care package all done for Stirling Council)
-   (Bunnings been approached)
-   (fire extinguishers: tested! Anton will recharge)
-   Secretary would need real laptop to access sparkleshare
-   (Daniel, Brett, Jenna working on metal/welding workshops with Adam.. Ongoing into next year)
-   James Shields has not picked up his buy-one-get-one desktop and green bag
-   Jenna and Kitty to see if they can contact RoboGals
-   Proposed events: - Free-soldering (Nathan Thompson) - Circuit design CAD

#### Next Meeting

1pm 19/01/13 (advance apologies: Daniel, Brett, Anton)

#### Meeting Closed

14:45
