---
title: 2012-11-03
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:58:57.430Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:19:12.956Z
---

### Committee meeting for Perth Artifactory 2012-11-03

-   Date: Saturday 2012-11-03
-   Location: Perth Artifactory
-   Meeting Opened: 12:30

#### Members present

-   Present: Nick, Jenna, Chris, Daniel, Brett
-   Apologies: Skot (zeppelin-building), Peter D

#### Previous minutes

Accepted

### AGENDA

#### Treasurer has happy reports!

-   We paid the rent for November on 29 October!!
-   On track for next month.
-   Where we want to be, just not where we REALLY want to be.
-   Treasurer's status: cautiously optimistic
-   Current balance \$1571.53
-   Last power bill 240
-   Last waste bill 55

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   secretary should be checking the mailbox on the way in
-   secretary should also view documents going through sparkleshare

#### Infrastructure subcommittee

-   New air-con timer thanks to Daniel - turns off after an hour! should help with power bills in the summer.
-   Still looking for 3x3 shed - William Knox has offered to purchase/install!!
-   Video projector has arrived, Anton apparently will also supply mounting.
-   Gantry crane has not made more progress in light of the lottery west commission.

#### Building Permit

-   Initial correspondent: maternity leave
-   Second correspondent from environmental health / planning (zoning) (Niel Maull): came down to discuss what we're about etc which is good, but we have had to do up a care package so that it doesn't get lost again.
-   ACTION: Chris and Anton to get the care package compiled and sent next week. prospectus bits are on the wiki but probably need a bit more work.

#### Lottery West Grant

-   Daniel has sent off signed forms (secretary should see them going through), will call them back Monday.

#### Events

-   1 Noise Maschin!! 16 ... turn over 200, expenditure of 100
-   2 Surprise party as calendared

#### Private Events

-   (burnouts, other health and safety concerns raised)
-   Discussion amongst the committee suggests that we should not do any more private-exclusive-type parties.
-   We can't just do anything we want in a public building. Doesn't work.
-   If there's alcohol, there has to be an RSA! insurance, supervision - OTHERWISE WE'RE 'HOSED'.
-   Ultimately the membership is in charge and events should be acceptable/accessible to the membership.
-   Many event requests are put forward because they are in line with what we do.
-   Impossible to police. Too much of an administrative burden.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Potential Audio Vault Sun-downer - wanted one in a few weeks but building permit etc has put it on hold.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Cleanup Event - after the Beaufort st festival in 2 weeks - enough time to put the call out on core list 'can we chuck this, this etc'

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ArduinoU is continuing, Doug is doing a great job!

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Geek Haven is continuing, one planned this week.

### GENERAL

-   Lottery West commission from Longtail
    -   Brett leading the project.
    -   6x6m lottery west scratchie interface for the giant screen at Perth culture centre
    -   Brett is working on the electronics interface
    -   Longtail have enthusiastically agreed to splashing Artifactory branding
    -   \$250 month's membership plus event usage

### ACTION SUMMARY

-   Chris and Anton to get the care package compiled and sent next week. prospectus bits are on the wiki but probably need a bit more work.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   secretary should be checking the mailbox on the way in
-   secretary should also view documents going through sparkleshare

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Promo/documentation of Lottery West Scratchie Build (Brett and Skot)

#### previous meeting's ACTION summary (all actions from last minutes carry forward except lottery west)

-   ACTION Nick, Anton to visit Bunnings and write a letter to head office
    -   Nick and Anton, Anton has a contact in Bunnings and Masters to lean on. Can we be a Bunnings category of "Sporting Association" - robot death-match?
    -   Will apply take first available weekend slots.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION infrastructure sub-committee
    -   Anton has wholesale bass bin source - action item, Skot to buy next sub. Driver is only \$100 less than whole new unit.
    -   Washing machine, dishwasher
    -   Backyard plan, busy-bee in progress today
    -   Gantry crane with guard shark

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Anton: Fire Extinguishers: Anton has a fire extinguisher company willing to inspect / check for prob \$100.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Daniel and Jenna and Brett and Anton to work with Adam (TAFE) on a fabrication workshop for creatives

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ACTION Daniel & Nick to look at build Linux image for old dells, Monday 2012-10-15 and more

#### Next Meeting

Sat 1st of December 1pm

#### Meeting Closed

13:10
