---
title: Committee Meeting - 2012-03-10
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:58:15.932Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:18:14.699Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2012.03.10

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Jason Muirhead (JM)
-   Peter Dreisiger (PD)
-   Skot McDonald (SM)

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 13:30
-   Closed: 13:50
-   Next meeting: TBC, online if needed to finalise lease discussions

### Agenda

-   propose \$400/month, pre-pay 12.5 months (\$5000) JM motioned, SM seconded (see JM's email)
-   Anthony: thinks \$450/month is too high, counter-offered \$420; also conceded that the tool room is ours now (given rent owed). But, subject to 48 hours
-   AV confirmed they'd be want to move into the front room at \$800/month (in addition to middle room)
-   \$420+/month from SS vs an extra \$800-\$500 a month
-   Discussions around written agreements with SS
    -   period of lease: rolling month-to-month, fixed period, subject to end of head lease. Security of lease is for the duration of his bond pre-payment

### Action Items Resulting

-   DH: draft an agreement for sub-letting
-   AJ: supposed to be coming to us with a draft agreement by early next week
-   PD: announce A/V deal to -core re: middle room
-   PD: email Andrew and George re: out offer of \$5000 on chattel (after internal revenue raising)
