---
title: Committee Meeting - 2012-10-06
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:58:50.846Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:19:00.953Z
---

### Committee meeting for Perth Artifactory 2012-10-06

Date: Saturday 2012-10-06  
Location: Perth Artifactory  
Meeting Opened: 12:30

#### Members present and observing

Present: SKoT McDonald, Anton Lord, Nick Bannon, Peter Dreisiger, Brett Downing, Daniel Harmsworth, Jason Muirhead

Observing: Mel, Garry Carroll

Apologies: Jenna Downing, Brendan Ragan

Acting Secretary: SKoT

#### Previous minutes

Some corrections to positions. Jason is Dept Chair, Peter is Membership officer. Proposed by: Daniel, 2nd: Jason, Carried without dissent.

#### Treasury report

In reasonable position. Bank balance is \$4052 this morning, paid rent and is now \$406 - earliest we have paid rent in the month for a while. Skip expected to be \$100, electricity \$250. Treasurer would love a big Rapture.

#### Membership report

24 in arrears, 4-5 more than 3 months behind. PD. Garry and Mel, Michael o'sunglasses still needs to pay, David Fry's form needs to be found. New membership form / documents area needs to be formalized - front office desk, box on top.

#### Events subcommittee

\* Ran NoiseMaschin

\* Cryptoparty - 35+ plus! 27-28 non members. Likely to hold here again, maybe (late Nov). Talk nights - gold coin donation. Workshops could be free.? Sets a weird precedent - free nights will be wanted by many groups... Need different costs depending on level of space exclusivity

\* Treasurer says: good for funding grants to throw a freebie every now and again.

\* Red Flag LAN committee

\* 2 AVE events

\* GSPA AGM

\* Doug has volunteered Arduino U on 24th

#### Infrastructure subcommittee

\* all forms (Form 5 and now Form 2) done and signed - Anton will drop forms in on Monday

\* Sub woofer - most likely to be amp going DC.

\* Anton has been away last 3 weeks - apologies.

\* Screen up (SKoT)

\* Courtyard plan - much chatter on list - getting shed? Slabs? Will need major truck for slabs. 6 people with racks, wheelbarrows, compactors - do in a weekend. Drainage must be kept in mind, Compressor shed. 100 old school slabs will weigh 4.5 Tonnes!

\* Daniel will talk to czar about pnuematics

\* We'll keep eye out for 3x3 shed.

\* Video projector coming this week.

\* Brett is working on gantry crane & shark

\* Royal Show: Blacksmithing & Woodturning assoc got a lot of visitors, selling trinkets, making a large project. Can we do similar, or ride in? More sausage sizzling talk - non-core activity again... would any members want to do it.

Property

#### Correspondence

\* A school contacted us for 3D printing demo - Jenna enthused at them

\* Daniel trying to chase Lotterywest, no response yet.

### PREVIOUS ACTIONS DONE:

\* DONE Skot will start wrangling organisers to decide on dates (esp Arduino events), perhaps put up a year planner above the bar

     * Arduino TAFE with DougB upcoming on Wednesday 2012-10-24
     * Christian '@xntrik' Frichot, Peter D like the idea of another CryptoParty, maybe late November 2012

\* DONE Daniel make sure committee gets all the committee stuff (wiki permissions etc)

     * Committee email lists updated.

\* DONE Jenna send a link out with minutes to core so that the general membership can actually read them

\* DONE infrastructure sub-committee

     * Lighting rig, Stage lights - SKoT hung RGB LEDs. 

\* DONE Skot to get the window cad machines all set up (Vcarve, visual studio, blender, \$99 Alibra? putty) ready for running CAD/CAM classes

     * rolled out new Core2 windows boxes. yay

### ACTION summary

\* ACTION Anton's had all forms (Form 5 and now Form 2) done and signed - Anton will drop forms in on Monday 2012-10-08

\* ACTION Nick, Anton to visit Bunnings and write a letter to head office

     * Nick and Anton, Anton has a contact in Bunnings and Masters to lean on. Can we be a Bunnings category of "Sporting Association" - robot deathmatch?
     * Will apply take first available weekend slots.

\* ACTION infrastructure sub-committee

     * Anton has wholesale bass bin source - action item, skot to buy next sub. Driver is only $100 less than whole new unit. 
     * Washing machine, dishwasher
     * Backyard plan, busybee in progress today
     * Gantry crane with guard shark

\* ACTION Anton: Fire Extinguishers: Anton has a fire extinguisher company willing to inspect / check for prob \$100.

\* ACTION Daniel to chase up Lotterywest

     * Three emails sent in the past month, no response from them yet

\* ACTION Daniel and Jenna and Brett and Anton to work with Adam (TAFE) on a fabrication workshop for creatives

\* ACTION Daniel & Nick to look at build linux image for old dells, Monday 2012-10-15 and more

Next Meeting: November 3rd 2012, Saturday 11am.  
Meeting Closed: 13:23
