---
title: 2012-03-03
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:58:09.469Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:18:05.092Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2012.03.03

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTIONITEMS

### Additional Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Jason Muirhead (JM)
-   Peter Dreisiger (PD)
-   Brenden Ragan (BR)
-   Nick Bannon (NB)
-   Anton Lord (AL)

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 10:40
-   Closed: 11:30
-   Next meeting: TBC

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | Brenden Ragan     |
| Seconded By | Nick Bannon       |

### Correspondence

-   Personal communications with George (the landlord) and Don (the owner's son) wanting us to settle this asap
-   Letter from Synergy --- responsible for power from the 25th of January
-   Also emails sent to -committee

### Property Report

-   Seems surprisingly clean. Huzzah!

### Officer Reports

#### Chairpersons Report

-   Grant applications on-going. Thanks to Skot for putting templates up on the wiki. Propose final review of Lotterywest application this coming Monday

#### Treasurers Report

-   See emails
-   Assuming a typical month, we're alright
-   However, under new arrangements, we'll have a \$660/month deficit, but SS's office will add \$450/month to it; see below.

#### Events Report

-   Rapture: 7 members, 24 non-members
-   NoizeMaschin: only had about 35 people show up out of the 140 people who had expressed interest via Facebook. Discussions about price-point for entry to get more people in, consensus was that \$10 is a very reasonable price, maybe we just need to advertise more on campus, etc.
-   Arduino U: discussions on Skot's Midi course notes, also offer of a topic from an Arduino U non-member (EPROM programmer); need to have more 'lab instructors' for future/broader sessions

#### Membership Officers Report

-   Committee accepts membership register as it stands
-   Request for a report (in CitrusDB) that can show who the current financial members are

#### Infrastructure Officers Report

-   We have infrastructure, but work has been suspended pending lease take-over

### Sub-Committee Reports

None

### Agenda Items

-   Chattel Purchase
    -   JM liked Skot's suggestion of 10 months of rent up-front on the middle office (for budget recording studio) at \$500/month plus ongoing membership of \$500/month for their existing office. Skot to follow up with AV.
    -   Apparently there has been some confusion/miscommunication re: lease status with AudioVault. PD proposed the reintroduction of the co-tennants meeting, BR seconded. Time to be confirmed.
    -   SquirtzShirtz rental: Anthony yet to respond to JM's email re: \$450/month for office plus \$450/month for storage area, backdated to 11-Dec-2011. JM to follow up on Tuesday.
    -   Anthony currently owes \$2.5k+; as there is no contract between Anthony and Andrew -- much less us -- we really need to sort his debt and our ongoing arrangements out asap
-   Longer-term property
    -   commercial prices will kill us
    -   Pepper-corn leases: DH has started talking to the City of Fremantle
    -   Ongoing grant for rent: Department of Commerce for Innovation and Tech funding
    -   Look at what membership would cost if rent went away (e.g. if we were gifted a space)
    -   Outside of rent, we're paying \$250/month on electricity, then insurance, then Internet access
    -   BR suggests we sort out chattel and put an offer back to -core, but that we also start impressing upon the membership that we really need to plan beyond the 18 months, and we really need to stand up a sub-committee to actively pursue options
-   Events:
    -   JM suggested was raised for more Open Days that might focus on specific skills
    -   AL suggested we also have more, simpler and cheaper training events to get more people in and raise more money

### General Business

### Action Items Resulting
