---
title: Committee Meeting - 2013-08-17
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:00:02.280Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:20:47.142Z
---

### Committee meeting for Perth Artifactory 17 August 2013

-   Location: Perth Artifactory
-   Meeting Opened: 14.01
-   Next Meeting: AGM Saturday 2013-09-21-1200 , followed by BBQ

#### Members present

-   Present: Nick, Jason, Daniel, Skot, Brendan, Jenna
-   Apologies: Anton
-   Observing: Anton, Richard

#### Previous minutes

-   Daniel moves to accept, Skot seconds, accepted.

### AGENDA

-   Correspondence
-   Reports
-   Events

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
     - ArtLab presentation Sept 14
     - Fringe Festival
     - Masters Sausage Sizzle
    * Lease
    * Lottery West 
    * City of Stirling
    * General
     - Tidy Club
     - Clutter
     - AGM

#### Correspondence

-   Invoice for the laser cutters!
-   Art lab
-   Treasury put out request for loans. All loans in and we can now afford laser cutter!!

#### Treasurer Report

-   Current account balance just over 13 406 including lasercutter pledges 11000
-   invoices just went out
-   Skot about to bank 800
-   August rent paid end of july
-   Instant waste bill
-   Higher than normal western power bill 404 last month

#### Infrastructure Subcommittee

-   We have two subs that work - lets hope they don't get melted!  

  \* Vivid has gone down at least once needing rebooting     \* Smoke detector in front office needs a new backup battery (9v)  ACTION   \* We should work on getting the carpark re-lit - probably with something better than the crappy motion sensor Par 38's. Suggest either LED (100W) or Metal Halide (250W) and just have it wired to a switch or timer (no motion). Cost \~\$120 ACTION jason and brendan pass that we shall allow funds 200   \* I ❤ laser!

-   Daniel has adopted the printer, threatening anyone who messes it with violence
-   Richard has volunteered to 'blitz' the machine shop next weekend. Brendan says why don't we do a busy bee.
-   Daniel requests budget for calipers - real ones that don't need batteries. Richard can get at reseller price.
-   Multimeters?! Get donations from altronics as a stop-gap? 200 budget for at least 2

#### Membership

-   we would like a membership report from last couple of months ACTION paste in minutes
-   remind members that they can get their key ACTION

#### Events

-   Dine and Design night. Tasty.
-   Dr Sketchy's! Success! Roughly 200 on the bar. artists don't drink as much as musos.
-   Perth poetry fesetival. writers drink A LOT.
-   upcoming: Noisemaschin!! August
-   Geek Haven will be merged/alternated with an e-textiles night. Every second Thursday.
-   ACTION make sure etextiles gets on the google calendar!
-   ArtLab presentation Sept 14
-   6th-10th Jan Hackerspace party for the LCA delegates.
-   Fringe Festival ACTION make sure we did actually apply for the match-maker thing.

#### Lease

-   we are now on the higher rent and we are still stable. Cautiously optimistic treasurer.

#### Lottery West: Lasercutter

-   Approved!
-   Imported free of charge! 1200x900 150 watt to cut MSOT things. And 300x500 finer quality.
-   Free shipping, rotary axis for both, refridgerated chilling.
-   We have 3 months to fundraise 3k to cover extra costs once the lasers arrive
-   Treasury is authorised. Unanimous huzzahs. "Fuckin' lasers!"

#### Sausage Sizzle

-   Masters Sausage Sizzle 29th september
-   We expect 1000, less costs.
-   Bring props!
-   Our local office works does a bbq
-   can go to any other masters.
-   ACTION email JParker about this. He lives Champion Lake. Pick things up fresh close by..
-   Spud shed has cheap chopped onions!

### GENERAL

#### Tidy Club

-   Tidy Club as an alternative for managing membership and database stuff. Can integrate paypal, facebook events, membership forms. Results of remaining questions will be forwarded to committee.
-   They have an api- can integrate with DOOR. Can have official mailing list and 'friends of space'
-   Jason wants to transition over september, proposes to set up a trial account with no sensitive info. No objections.

=== Clutter ===

-   Time for a Declutterization Drive? Discussed under infrastructure.

#### AGM

-   21st of September.
-   12.00, bbq at 13.00

### PREVIOUS ACTION ITEMS

-   everyone sign up to BTsync
-   Daniel/Peter: Membership/financial report at the end of the month - we'd still like one
-   Correct ReMida on membership permissions.
-   ACTION Daniel - update the price on the membership document.
-   ACTION Nick - remind members that they can get key from Brett. Key numbers to be associated with their full name somewhere.
-   get updated quote for lasercutter
-   ACTION: FIXME: Peter, please list the new members in these minutes
-   ACTION: FIXME: Daniel: pay De Vita Dixon lawyers \$737 for Deed of Extension on lease

#### Meeting Closed

15.00

### ACTION SUMMARY

-   Anton authorised to fix carpark lighting. \$200
-   proper calipers and multimeters! Altronics?
-   we would like a membership report from last couple of months ACTION paste in minutes
-   remind members that they can get their key ACTION
-   ACTION make sure etextiles gets on the google calendar!
-   Fringe Festival ACTION make sure we did actually apply for the match-maker thing.
-   ACTION email JParker about sausage sizzle. He lives Champion Lake. Pick things up fresh close by..
