---
title: 2013-02-16
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:59:16.626Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:19:42.957Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2013.02.16

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 13.45
-   Closed: 14.45
-   Next meeting: 16th March 13.00

## Agenda

-   Reports
-   Correspondence
-   Events
-   Projects
-   General
-   sparkleshare
-   lottery west
-   City of stirling
-   Ucc advertising
-   Newcastle festival mob
-   blazing swan
-   WAHACKON
-   Noisemaschin
-   Dishwasher
-   new members (door mysteries)
-   Skip

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Daniel, Jason (deputy chair), Skot, Peter D, Brendan, Brett, Jenna,
-   Apologies: Nick, Anton

### Minutes of previous meeting

Accepted

### Correspondence

Under agenda items

### Officer Reports

#### Chairpersons Report

no chairperson.

#### Treasurers Report

-   \$3222.71 in the account. We are paid up until March. Insurance due next month. Treading water.

#### Membership Officers Report

-   Newer entries don't have bond marked against them, it will be in the service history.
-   Verified that citrus invoices were correct.
-   6 people over by 3 months
-   Not sure if we are able to generate a list of members (eg for noisemashin door tickets)

#### Events Officers Report

-   Geek haven - 2 non-members paid casual, many ladies utilising the space!
-   Last Noisemaschin!! good turnover - around \$600
-   Next Noisemaschin!! on the 28th... or nearest Tuesday

#### Arts Liaison Officers Report

-   Email from Steven Dickie (will have residency at fremantle arts centre in the next few months) re collaboration with artifactory - Jenna to share the emails with Skot and Sam G.
-   Skot: Reachout received from Newcastle non-festival bunch... no money

#### Infrastructure Officers Report

-   Door is online, 5 cards on the door when brett went away, 3 have been reconciled, one has not been used, the other is probably Nathan.

### Agenda Items

#### lottery west

-   Committee received writeup that Skot did, eg recovery of costs, free community training etc
-   Daniel trying to convince GNU cash to produce numbers that we like that don't make us look like we're making a loss. Will resort to manual treasurerâ€™s report.
-   We are paying the GST component, that looks good.

#### City of Stirling

-   Skot spoke with Chris AV who was under the impression that Anton was handling something.. Chris will contact again and report back with what we should be doing.
-   Skot has been meaning to speak with the arts officer who got the men's shed up and running.

#### UCC advertising

-   Use the last one that Brendan made, clean up the text, go with it.
-   Jenna look at wiki and drop box, suggest edits and stuff.

#### Blazing Swan

-   Burning man crew have been meeting here, \$150 in drinks etc last time.. second meeting didn't go so well for the space because of no one explaining the donations and drinks properly.. mainly because of one person.
-   Their agm will have to be here.
-   Skot to clarify usage fees with them

#### WAHACKON

-   worth it?? Could go either way!
-   Peter D talked to Peter Hanay.. looks like it's under control
-   Brendan wary of some activity of their website.
-   If it's like hope or ccc, then AMAZING
-   but also Brett and Jenna have come back with unpleasant stories from Canberra hackerspace..
-   Peter D will check it out.

#### Possible event

-   Peter D was contacted by someone into open source software, may want to hold a talk, will sort out usage fees, could make up money on the bar. Sounds perfectly relevant.

#### Dishwasher

-   Working! Sort of.. babysit it! Could possibly get stuck on the heating cycle, boil its contents. Washing machine next!

#### Coffee

-   No proper coffee machine! Nothing that makes us look like we should have a good kitchen. Skot please let that guy down.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Alternative: assemble a fleet of bicycles and hook up with the local coffee shops! Possibly offer lasercutting etc

#### Sound

-   Anton needs to be paid for the amp before we start buying more things
-   Steeple fund to get the sound system up to scratch..
-   Maintenence requires money in the system.. Brendan says wait,
-   Skot says capitalise now to bring the members now so that we will have money later.
-   Jason says put the steeple fund in front of the people who come in and enjoy the sound system that we have.

#### Skip

-   Skot spoke to instant waste, they will monitor the weight.

We should be aware that heavy stuff can hurt our moneys.

#### Storage

-   Long-term equipment storage outside AV office needs to be addressed.

#### membership fee structure

-   Condense to 2 levels, push the casual payments for students.
-   Many other spaces have a probationary period.
-   Worth considering as we introduce laser cutter.

### Action Items Resulting

-   City of Stirling: Skot has been meaning to speak with the arts officer who got the men's shed up and running.
-   Steven Dickie: Jenna to share the emails with Skot and Sam G.
-   UCC: Jenna look at wiki and drop box, suggest edits and stuff.
-   Blazing Swan: Skot to clarify usage fees with them before their AGM.
-   WAhackon: Peter D will test the water.
