---
title: 2013-07-20
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:59:53.894Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:20:37.481Z
---

### Committee meeting for Perth Artifactory 20 July 2013

-   Location: Perth Artifactory
-   Meeting Opened: 13.30
-   Next Meeting: Saturday 2013-08-17-1400
-   AGM: Saturday 2013-09-21-1200 , followed by BBQ

#### Members present

-   Present: Nick, Skot, Daniel, Brett, Jenna, Anton, Peter, Ryan
-   Apologies: Jason

#### Previous minutes

-   Skot moves to accept, Daniel seconds, accepted.

### AGENDA

-   Correspondence
-   Reports
-   Events
-   Lease
-   Lottery West
-   City of Stirling
-   General

#### Correspondence

-   lease renewal
-   Rent letter
-   Bill for rent
-   Skot Email with CoS.. new case worker, now supervisor, absolutely no movement.
-   Meeting with 3 members from Family/community section CoS on Thursday went very well.
-   Our promo summaries can go in their newsletter and they would love to commission signs etc
-   Elizabeth Brey we must not talk to.. Skot received dossier on nearly every member in CoS
-   We have been approved for Laser Cutter!

#### Treasurer Report

-   Current account balance 3864.58 after July's rent.
-   July invoices have not gone out yet. Daniel has been wrangling with the software to get the new \$70 into the system.
-   Rent looking ok right now.
-   Let's not do any more outgoings until we know how the new membership rates go.
-   Anton to be paid outstanding amount. No objections.
-   could get a real loan and turn the never-never into a real loan. Under 20000 it will be a credit card. Can shred the card and use it as online entity.. double-sign cheque book.

#### Infrastructure Subcommittee

-   Adopt a mill/machine. Broken spindle controllers on both mills.
-   Greg and Brett are looking at constructing new controller
-   ACTION everyone sign up to BTsync
-   Washing machine works!
-   Anton had a couple of weird encounters concerning discounts/membership at Remida and Altronics (remida volunteer tried to say that membership is only for committee members, altronics asked if we are a govt department - no the classification is related to educational discounts)
-   Start looking at ventilation for the front room for when the laser cutter arrives.
-   Solar Panels - want volunteer to investigate cost of installation + options. Could be good Lottery West Grant 2
-   Also Smart Power (we mainly run at night, could be cheaper)

#### Membership

-   We accept the new membership list, to be looked over in detail after the meeting.
-   ACTION Daniel - update the price on the membership document.
-   ACTION Nick - remind members that they can get key from Brett. Key numbers to be associated with their full name somewhere.
-   ACTION: FIXME: Peter, please list the new members here
-   Membership forms need scanning, filing, ldaping, etc etc. Quite a backlog.

#### Events

-   Some big events coming up that should generate some nice income and interest
-   Dr Sketchy's!! Tuesday 20130813 <https://www.facebook.com/events/622854247739802/>
-   Perth poetry festival Friday 20130816 <https://www.facebook.com/events/389494591150453/>
-   Noisemaschin!! Second Birthday \#25 Tuesday 20130723-1930--2230 <https://www.facebook.com/events/474213052672964/>
-   Space has been put forward as a Fringe World venue for jan/feb!
-   Curry and Design night: Wednesday 2013-07-10, thanks Warren for organising! another Dine&Design coming next month: Wednesday 20130807-1900 <https://www.facebook.com/events/484405214984723/>

#### Lease

-   Renewed!
-   Q: Did lawyers get paid? Not yet: ACTION: Daniel
-   Q: Did documents get filed? Yes!

#### Lottery West: Lasercutter

-   Approved!
-   The quote for the laser cutter will be different now.
-   Laser update - we need to buy, they reimburse - shall we just Action Plan now and get things moving?
-   Who wants to float it on their credit card?
-   Lottery West were very good at paying PLUG within a week or so.
-   Anton is willing to help if we have trouble getting a loan.
-   Let's get updated quote and go for it!

#### City of Stirling

-   No movement.

### GENERAL

#### Solar panels

-   We have a 3yr lease! We could get another grant from Lottery West!
-   We need ideas and plans.
-   Smart power scheme?
-   What is the major power consumer in the space? It will be the lights and aircon in summer. Update: Power bill for this month was \$404!
-   Altronics stupendous discount could extend to the direct change-over leds.

#### Kitchen

-   50c per kilo for aluminium recycling (sometimes \$0.80 on special <https://www.facebook.com/pages/TMR-Total-Metal-Recyclers/180106098712020> , [//www.tmr.net.au/](/[http///www.tmr.net.au/)), includes coffee pods.
-   Skot has rerouted power in the kitchen, put up more champagne glass drying rack
-   We shall start stocking Nespresso pods since the coffee machine actually works!

#### AGM

-   Schedule for 21st of September 2013. To be confirmed at August meeting.
-   12.00, bbq at 13.00
-   Will be great to get in some fresh blood.

### PREVIOUS ACTION ITEMS

-   SKoT, Nick: Scan Certificate of Incorporation: Done
-   Nick: get webinabox credentials from trent, - Daniel has.
-   SKoT: Scan Certificate of Incorporation - scanned
-   Brendan: recover twitter account saying that our email has been hacked. So secure. Not sure
-   Brendan: Start a Management Software System wiki page.
-   Brendan: order parts for 3D printer, special DVI adapter for Anton's projector.
-   Daniel/Peter: Membership/financial report at the end of the month - we'd still like one to work out
-   Agenda item for later: lease renewal - all done!
-   check out BTsync as sparkleshare alternative - everyone get onto it!

#### Meeting Closed

14:20 pm

### ACTION SUMMARY

-   everyone sign up to BTsync
-   Daniel/Peter: Membership/financial report at the end of the month - we'd still like one
-   Correct ReMida on membership permissions.
-   ACTION Daniel - update the price on the membership document.
-   ACTION Nick - remind members that they can get key from Brett. Key numbers to be associated with their full name somewhere.
-   get updated quote for lasercutter
-   ACTION: FIXME: Peter, please list the new members in these minutes
-   ACTION: Daniel: pay De Vita Dixon lawyers \$737 for Deed of Extension on lease
