---
title: Committee Meeting - 2013-03-16
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:59:23.217Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:19:53.063Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2013.02.16

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 13.55
-   Closed: 14.45
-   Next meeting: 20th April 13.00

## Agenda

-   Correspondence
-   Reports
-   Events (NM, blazing swan)
-   Lotterywest
-   City of Stirling
-   General

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Nick, Daniel, Jason, Skot, Brendan, Brett, Jenna, Kitty

### Minutes of previous meeting

Brendan proposes to accept, seconded by Daniel. Accepted

### Correspondence

Under agenda items

### Officer Reports

#### Treasurers Report

-   Account: \$3896.16, power bill is up a little, [REmida](/REmida) membership paid, have not received insurance invoice yet.
-   We do not have the next rent money but we will after the next lot of membership invoices go out.
-   We have not paid Anton except for the electrician.
-   Brendan to chase Anton re sound moneys.
-   random sms from previous tenant who WE ARE DONE DEALING WITH. Direct all further enquiries to Skot.

#### Membership Officers Report

-   11 membership fee reminders, 5 will catch up, 1 downgraded, 6 suspended (simply haven’t been able to come in for a while)
-   General reminder from Nick to ask for casual day-membership money at the start of an event and not surprise anyone.

#### Events Officers Report

-   Blazing Swan - \$150
-   Geek haven - low turnout 1 member, 1 non member. Post on the mailing list, everywhere to catch people not on facebook.
-   Last Noisemaschin!! \$800 had to resupply after only 2 performers
-   Next Noisemaschin!! Promo machine is working!
-   Arduino U has been going great.

#### Arts Liaison Officers Report

-   Steven Dickie has visited once, is coming again today. We'll try to get some parallel projects going to boost enthusiasm and mutual benefits.
-   other artists using the space in collaboration with members involving payment and promo!
-   [Dr Sketchy's](http://www.drsketchyperth.com.au/) is hiring props for \$100.

#### Infrastructure Officers Report

-   We haven't heard from Anton in a while. Extremely busy.

### Agenda Items

#### Lotterywest

-   Our grant is going in the next meeting, not this one.. we are getting coaching on how to make our application all gold-star-worthy. The document ultimately gets signed by the premier.
-   we have an asset list now that makes everything look rosy!
-   Lotterywest gives out something like \$10million per month
-   it is not frowned upon to ask for organisational structuring grant - to get financials all sorted.

#### City of Stirling

-   Skot has been communicating intently (noted and much appreciated!!), good chat with rob Mccarthy of Men’s Shed
-   Geoff Wyber actually got back to Skot, there is a log of the entire saga on the wiki. <http://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=committee:stirling_city_saga>

#### General Business

-   Skot wants more people to be aware that they can just call Instant Waste to collect to skip, need to print brief instructions for the pinboard.
-   How do we encourage drinks runs so it's not drinks-run chicken between Skot and Jason.. mailout first to avoid double-ups.
-   Do a callout for quartermaster to handle supplies.
-   There is not much communication between committee members. Skot wonders if it's hitting spam filters. It is not.
-   Brendan proposes that we design a software solution for membership tracking etc and apply for a grant and get it built and open-sourced so that other spaces can use it.
-   Daniel and Brett to consult the other hackerspaces.
-   The last few months have been eerily quiet due mostly to temperature and Skot is wondering if we should open up the space to associate members during certain times.. we won't get a roster off the ground.
-   remind people to mailout when they will be in the space, advertising that the space will be open.
-   discussion about allowing all associates access to the space, what would happen when people drop to associate realising that it’s all the same.. If we give associates full access and make all memberships \$70, then \$40 concession and then day rates. (People can stay on 100 and be a supporter)
-   Brendan more keen to do it if we know we're definitely getting a laser cutter.
-   Skot to write up a draft proposal re flattening rates for the membership.

### Action Items Resulting

-   Secretary: Next time remember to do a call for agenda items!
-   Chairman to backup if email does not appear.
-   Peter D still on the <http://www.wahckon.org.au/> case.
-   Long-term equipment storage outside AV office needs to be addressed.
-   General reminder from Nick to ask for casual day-membership money at the start of an event and not surprise anyone.
-   Brendan to chase Anton re sound moneys.
-   Geek haven - post to the mailing list, website, everywhere to catch people not on facebook.
-   Skot wants more people to be aware that they can just call Instant Waste to collect to skip, need to print brief instructions for the pinboard.
-   How do we encourage drinks runs so it's not drinks-run chicken between Skot and Jason.. mailout first to avoid double-ups.
-   Do a callout for quartermaster to handle supplies.
-   Daniel and Brett to consult the other hackerspaces re software requirements for membership tracking etc.
-   remind people to mailout when they will be in the space, advertising that the space will be open.
-   Skot to write up a draft proposal re flattening rates for the membership.
