---
title: Committee Meeting - 2013-06-15
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:59:47.218Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:20:26.266Z
---

### Committee meeting for Perth Artifactory 15 June 2013

-   Location: Perth Artifactory
-   Meeting Opened: 13.25
-   Next Meeting: Saturday 2013-07-20-1300

#### Members present

-   Present: Nick, Skot, Daniel, Brett, Jenna, Brendan
-   Apologies: Anton, Peter

#### Previous minutes

-   Jenna moves to accept, Daniel seconds, accepted.

### AGENDA

-   Correspondence
-   Reports
-   Events
-   Lease
-   Lotterywest
-   City of Stirling
-   General

#### Correspondence

-   Current rent/Tenant Tax invoice sent&dated 20130612

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      Rent $2603.33 + Outgoings $575 + Mgt fee $156.20 + GST = $3667.98
      For the period 20130701-20130731 , due 20130701
      Plus 2012-13 variable outgoings shortfall $131.90, due now

-   Rent was \$2603 excluding GST (=\$2863 inc.), going up 80 up to: total \$3698 per month including GST. Treasury believes that this can be handled without issue.
-   Skot proposes agendum for later: lease renewal.
-   Skot has heard from Geoff Wyber and Anthony at Lotterywest - both forwarded to committee, both useless. So much for the fast-tracking.
-   Lotterywest has gone through to the next stage.

#### Treasurer Report

-   Current Bank Account Balance: \$ 2144.86
-   June rent paid
-   Synergy bill paid
-   \$113.30 for the last skip bill
-   invoices went out today.
-   no anticipated problems with next month's rent.

#### Infrastructure Subcommittee

    * 

#### Membership

-   Flattened membership form. Announcement sent to list. Kicks in 1/7/2013
-   if there's anyone we need to chase for past bills, we need to reconcile that as we change the rates.
-   we would lose a little bit from people dropping to day rates. Should we go forward?
-   it makes sense and would encourage more activity..
-   security issue: grace period/sponsorship, tags on equipment.
-   requires notice in writing so that new members understand.
-   missing membership report
-   Meg Travers new member, now has Daniel's old key fob.
-   Brett raises idea for nominal fee for non-member friend-of-artifactory class... \$100 social event membership..
-   can discuss that at AGM with as many members as possible.
-   We should do a financial report at the end of this month. If the membership officers peter/ daniel/skot need help, just ask? \*ACTION.

#### Events

-   NM & Industrial Night
-   gaming programming thing was great. They can do that whenever because we got snacks.
-   we've been approached to host the poetry festival again. Was well-recieved.
-   Artifactory has inherited 7 bins.. also cartons. Next noise maschin will have very little outgoings.
-   geek haven postponed for one week.

#### Lease

-   skot moves to accept the new lease conditions, Don walks in. All accept.

#### Lotterywest

-   we've been put up and recommended, now begins the slow process of being ticked off by the Premier.

#### City of Stirling

-   Planning Approval Application Lodged 2nd May 2013. Stirling City now processing, Have had comms with Geoff Wyber who is leaving CoS.

#### Revitalising CNC machines

-   mills - we have a dead Mill, and an inoperative CNC Mill.
-   need to work out what bits we need. Cnc one needs mechanical bits, The regular mill needs a new driver, which Greg(reprap) has taken on.

#### Ongoing 3D printer issues

-   Lint-free cloth was not replaced when filament was changed, led to instant clogging.
-   heater block died. Brendan will get onto that after meeting. Get two. ACTION
-   Apparently the stepper motor has issues. The motor will fail after 45minutes.
-   email the guy we bought it from and ask for recommendations.

### GENERAL

-   Do we have a certificate of incorporation? Yes. (Probably with SKoT, not Daniel) ACTION SKoT, scan it
-   Has anyone seen the QR code asset stickers? No?
-   get special DVI adapter for Anton's projector. ACTION BRENDAN
-   brendan suggests btsync as alternative to sparkleshare that keeps everything on the computers and distributes it rather than storing on the cloud. Let's check it out.

### PREVIOUS ACTION ITEMS

-   ACTION: Brendan: Start a Management Software System wiki page
-   not yet. Will make wiki after meeting
-   ACTION 70/40 flattened membership form. Nick sending announcement to list. Kicks in 1/7/2013
-   done.

### ACTION SUMMARY

-   Nick: get webinabox credentials from trent, also welcome back trent to artifactory membership
-   SKoT: Scan Certificate of Incorporation
-   Brendan: recover twitter account saying that our email has been hacked. So secure.
-   Brendan: Start a Management Software System wiki page.
-   Brendan: order parts for 3D printer, special DVI adapter for Anton's projector.
-   Daniel/Peter: Membership/financial report at the end of the month.
-   Agenda item for later: lease renewal.
-   check out BTsync as sparkleshare alternative.

#### Meeting Closed

2pm
