---
title: 2013-01-19
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:59:09.952Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:19:33.313Z
---

### Committee meeting for Perth Artifactory 19/01/12

-   Date: 19/01/12
-   Location: Perth Artifactory
-   Meeting Opened: 13.30

#### Members present

-   Present: Skot, Jenna, Brendan, Nick
-   Apologies: Daniel, Brett, Anton ..Jason??
-   Chris and John observing, co-opted incase we need quorum

#### Previous minutes

Accepted

### AGENDA

-   Reports
-   Correspondence
-   Events
-   Projects
-   General
-   sparkleshare
-   insurance... Genghis con got a sausage sizzle at Bunnings ..

#### Treasurer Report

-   No treasurer?
-   lottery west - Anthony is our contact, Skot handling that one.

#### Infrastructure Subcommittee

-   No Anton or Brett
-   Zoning/building licence - Chris B chasing them up every so often, ping Chris and ask.
-   Skot call them and ask can we pleaser some events to keep us ticking over while you're wasting time making a decision? Help solve this problem for other hackerspaces..
-   John P see if men's sheds solved their zoning problems
-   Great praise for Chris for doing an amazing job cleaning up/organising the tool room and corner.. can find things and they have homes!!

#### Correspondence

-   Instant waste management want us to pay more! Up from \$20 to \$79
-   Skot to call them and ask how they worked out their average and can we please know our history? we're among the heaviest users apparently
-   last year we spent 759.11 on bin.. some of that is rental. About 20 lifts per year. Brendan: we can eat that price increase. Still the cheapest disposal around
-   Spirit events are going to drop by sometime (new years event) more props jobs!!

#### Events

-   ArduinoU and Geek Haven plugging along
-   Burning man meeting here tomorrow
-   Noise maschin!! 29th Jan
-   GSPA Dr Sketchyâ€™s 30th Jan
-   TedX December 2012
-   RoboFair December 2012

### GENERAL

-   printers in the carpark.. Anton?

### ACTION SUMMARY

-   review old wiki system
-   wiki account for John P
-   Secretary get sparkleshare key

#### Next Meeting

16 feb 2013 1pm

#### Meeting Closed

14.30
