---
title: Committee Meeting - 2013-11-02
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:00:18.558Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:21:12.216Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2013.11.02

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTIONITEMS

### Additional Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: SKoT M (Acting Chair), Nick B (Sec), Jason M (Tres), Tim G, Anton L, WarrenC
-   Apologies: Brendan R, Daniel H
-   Absent: Jenna D

### Meeting Times

-   Location: Perth Artifactory
-   Opened: 12:22
-   Closed: 13:28
-   Next meeting: Saturday 2013-11-30-1200

### Minutes of previous meeting

MOTION: Acceptance of: [committee_meeting_2013.09.21](committee_meeting_2013.09.21)

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Tim G    |
| Seconded By | Anton L  |

### Correspondence

-   Jason: Tidyclub had problem in their backend, causing delayed or missing invoices. This is now working.
    -   [Tidyclub](/tidyclub) should be able to take payments for us starting this week.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Skot: NAB correspondances, we will split GSPA and Artifactory accounts
    -   Jason has NAB access, Skot off to Japan for two weeks
    -   Current signatories: Skot, Jason, Daniel
        -   -\> Tres, Deputy Treas, Pres. Need forms, ACTION: Jason can get those and collect a new set of signatories
    -   Our account is 1 to sign

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Stirling Council: SKoT: advertising period is now over, we can take down the sign
    -   \$250 (paid by AudioVault)
-   -\> back in their court to consider

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   APRA, representing composers/publishers, wants \$27.50 per annum
-   Good APRA contact: Jose' Horn at Subiaco
-   Expect a call from: PPCA
    -   based on performance, larger fees for larger or licensed venues
    -   Will want a cut from: regular large gigs, regular liquor licensing
    -   Background music, we're not a nightclub. We are not-for-profit

### Property Report

PROPERTY

### Officer Reports

#### Chairpersons Report

CHAIRPERSON

#### Treasurer's Report

-   Cashflow positive
-   November rent is paid
-   \$1157.19 in bank account
-   Expected expenses this month: \$400 power, skip empties
    -   TimG paid our outstanding Instant Waste bill from August: \$113.30
-   Tidyclub report:
    -   Total outstanding subscriptions owed to use for October and November: \$5700
    -   For October only: \$1490
        -   Concession: 3 \* \$40 = \$120
        -   Full: 19.5 (some extra credit) \* \$70 = \$1370
        -   plus AV
    -   All current Concession/Full subscription members are actively paying, overdue ones had Visitor status. Visible at <https://artifactory.tidyclub.com/memberships_dashboard>
        -   35 full = \$2450
        -   6 concession = \$240
        -   1 AV = \$1200
        -   -\> Expected subscription income: \$3890/month
        -   This is a drop from our \$4300 expected June income, but we have kept most of our numbers, previously 4 associate concession, 13 associate, 5 concession, 21 full
-   Payback of debt: [nevernever](nevernever) is mostly accurate
    -   ACTION: Daniel's paid the laser port fees, etc; please record
    -   ACTION: Brendan; please check
    -   PRD is \$2359 + bond
        -   PRD will have priority on payment
        -   ACTION: we will pay back his bond now for a start
-   Crowdfunding for toolroom/lasercutter, with solar stretch goals: is in addition to our baseline subscription income

##### Summary

-   New toys to be funded with new income
-   Existing debts to be paid with existing subscription income
    -   Priority will be given to PRD, then other large debts

#### Membership Officers Report

MEMBERSHIP

#### Promotions Officers Report

PROMOTIONS

#### Arts Liaison Officers Report

ARTSLIAISON

#### Infrastructure Officers Report

INFRASTRUCTURE

### Previous Action Items Status

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Events

##### Past report

\* NoizeMaschin!! \#28 - Halloween Special! <https://www.facebook.com/events/593866854010076>, raised \$310 as reported by SKoT to the committee list on 2013-10-30 .

     * Decent turn out: 26 ticketted, 8 artists, 6 members, 1 or 2 that snuck through the door early on... ~40 in all.
     * Booze costs: $167: 1 cooper's pale carton, 1 rogers, 1 five seeds cider, 2 SSB whites.
     * Net stock movement: +1 carton (mostly cider), -3 bottles of red, +1 bottle of white. 4 bottle of water handed out (for ticket price, we should spot people water - looks good for RSA, and summer in artifactory is bonkers for dehydration)
     * Net boost to float after reimbursement of expenses: $310.

##### Upcoming

\* ADUG: Australian Delphi Users Group, Tuesday 2013-11-19-1900 \* ACTION: SKoT will check Audiovault's Google Calendar

### Agenda Items

### General Business

-   Wedding soundsystem hire ahoy!

##### Lasercutter

-   Fragile laser tube, installing it Monday, AdamF will be present
    -   Then the key goes into the safe
-   Ongoing expenses: Depreciation of laser tube, whitelisted materials bank
-   Training sessions?
    -   Hourly cost? Big and small
    -   Can usage times be automatically logged, a la Mach3? how about UP's ?
-   We may need to register with the Radiological Council: \$70, once off
-   A Laser Safety Officer should not have to be onsite during operation for this type of enclosed, interlocked device
-   Anton: undergoing LSO training, \$220
    -   Radiological Council: exam fee, \$120, 2 year LSO renewal
-   ACTION Anton: Plan placement of external compressors, chillers outside the tool room window
    -   Reuse our shed or buy a new one

##### Toolroom rebuild

-   Daniel posted the plans: [tool_room_v2](/projects/tool_room_v2)
-   \~\$3000
-   Engineering report for council signoff
-   Stirling Council interactions do not directly affect the timing. In order to be assigned a building capacity number/rating we will need:
    1.  Approval: Planning zoning approval for us to exist and operate (now waiting on the council for this step)
    2.  Approval: Building compliance (we do not plan to be evaluated as is, this will be with the current toolroom demolished and incorporating the planned or completed new internal construction)
    3.  Approval: Health compliance certificate

    -   -\> not in the foreseeable future

##### Crowdfunding

-   One big fundathon. Stretch goals as we go.
    1.  Laser fees and sundries
    2.  [tool_room_v2](/projects/tool_room_v2)
    3.  [solar_power](/projects/solar_power) - if we get this far, this will reduce our ongoing power costs
        -   Expected cost: \~\$7000
        -   We still get the big rebates, they would pay for themselves in \~3 years
-   ACTION: SKoT handing over to Elena? Run Pozible campaign, set it up
-   Treasurer: Our campaign incentives have to be good value for us, timewise and moneywise

\* Safe code: acquired for committee's access

##### Fridge

ACTION: Garry C is researching a new fridge for us and will come back with a quote  
MOTION: Pre-approved fridge budget: \$800

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Nick B   |
| Seconded By | Jason M  |

#### Wanted for the space: Flammable Goods cabinet

### Action Items Resulting

-   ACTION: Jason to collect a new set of signatories on a NAB form
-   ACTION: Daniel's paid the laser port fees, etc; please record in [nevernever](nevernever)
-   ACTION: Brendan; please check [nevernever](nevernever)
-   ACTION: Jason: We will pay back PRD's bond now
-   ACTION: SKoT will check Audiovault's Google Calendar for clashes with ADUG, Tuesday 2013-11-19-1900
-   ACTION Anton: Plan placement of external compressors, chillers outside the tool room window
-   ACTION: SKoT handing over to Elena to run Pozible campaign
-   ACTION: Garry C is researching a new fridge for us and will come back with a quote
