---
title: Committee Meeting - 2013-04-20
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:59:31.093Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:20:02.794Z
---

### Committee meeting for Perth Artifactory 20/04/2013

-   Date: 20 April 2013
-   Location: Perth Artifactory
-   Meeting Opened: 1318
-   Next meeting: 11 may 2013 1pm, the weekend after the deadline for city of Stirling

#### Members present

-   Present: PeterD, Daniel H, Nick B, SKoT McD, Brendan R, Kitty, Anton, Jenna, Brett
-   Apologies: Jason

#### Previous minutes

Accept? (proposed Daniel, Brendan seconds, passed)

### AGENDA

-   Reports
-   Correspondence
-   Events
-   Projects
-   General

#### Treasurer Report

-   In good stead - \$4377, have paid April rent.
-   Have paid insurance \$1200
-   Rent is \~\$3600/month, due 1st of each month
-   will pay May rent after meeting;
-   Western Power & instant waste TODO.

#### Membership

    *Last reminder emails found $1200 in back dues.
    * 4 members 4 or more months over.
    * email about Tom - has he paid bond
    * Bonds in citrus...? Apparently.
    * Skateboard park guy needs bond back.
    * Membership in arrears chews bond - this is on membership form. 
    * TODO - look up never never balance

#### Infrastructure Subcommittee

-   Anton cannot give an accurate report due to his recent absence.
-   printers are gone! We didn't have to pay!
-   Total Metal Recyclers, 91 Guthrie St. Good place to take chunks of metal. Bulk metal disposals/recycling, including random steel, aluminium cans, <http://www.tmr.net.au/>

#### Correspondence

-   Antony Jessop - popped up hassling Jason, SKoT contacted

#### Events

-   Noise Mashin happening on Tuesday, last one pulled in 450
-   wahackon? We're umming and ahhing, Peter D to post out to core to ask if anyone wants to take it up
-   Geek Haven had a very low turnout even though it was heavily advertised.
-   Artifactory gets 100 from athe biplanecycle that was rented out for Dr Sketchy's at the northbridge piazza!
-   Rental of sound gear etc to swancon. Brendan will find out how much we can invoice
-   Anton has been paid for sound gear, Brendan needs payment asap

#### City of Stirling

-   (Skot has been keeping committee very well-informed via email and wiki)

### GENERAL

-   Daniel has dropped off his key, requests info@ emails be redirected to someone else. Also web admin.
-   Daniel please make a list and it can go towards to the comprehensive software solution that we will put together with the help of lottery west hopefully!
-   Big thankyou to the Gilchrists for stepping up as our quartermasters!
-   arduino people still working on big blinky display to advertise space open.
-   membership flattening to coincide with the lasercutter and agm

### ACTION SUMMARY

-   agenda mailout a week in advance again
-   audio vault pile has shrunk satisfactorily
-   Daniel requests that info@ emails be redirected to someone else. Also web admin.
-   Daniel please make a list and it can go towards to the comprehensive software solution that we will put together with the help of lottery west hopefully!
-   Anton has been paid for sound gear, Brendan needs payment asap
-   Rental of sound gear etc to swancon. Brendan will find out how much we can invoice
-   Look up never never balance
-   Western Power & instant waste moneys

#### Meeting Closed

1357
