---
title: Committee Meeting - 2014-08-16
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:01:39.320Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:23:02.144Z
---

## Agenda

-   [Upcoming 2014 AGM, 2014.09.13 1100](agm_minutes_2014.09.13)
    -   2013-2014 finance & activity reports
    -   Election of new Committee
    -   City of Swan, Cornwell House Community Workshops, Midland

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
          * We need to prepare a schedule of days/times when we would like to use the CHCW meeting room.
          * Interested Committee members invited to attend the CHCW AGM. Tuesday 19th August @ 14:00 hours at the Midland Town Hall Library
      * ACTION: SKoT: Post AGM: NAB form, new signatories?
      * Review of membership fees
        * 3.3% CPI increase of rent
        * Raise from $70/$40
        * Premium membership, $100/month, no tool usage fees?
        * AudioVault
      * ...all to be followed by a lunchtime sausage sizzle
        * JamesS: Let's grab some some decent Mondo's sausages round the corner on the day
          * Golden Bakery rolls/baguettes
      * ACTION: JD to post to artifactory-core re: Membership Invoices, Liquidation!
    * AudioVault
      * Rent rise?
      * Long term plans for the space
        * JD: Dan who made the Stargate and Deathray props, wants to lease some arts studio space, like 25% of the warehouse, 10x10m! Workshops, etc; then expand to Midland?
      * AV wants to have band nights, EP releases
        * Need the space clear so clearing and packing up doesn't take forever!
        * Fri, Sat nights
        * Need to pay a couple of staff behind bar
        * 50 people council limit
          * ACTION: JD: Get a quote for a fire door
      * Shelving
        * Want to put a row of shelvving at the front of the office
          * Area warden says Yes!
        * TG: We could use some too, members-only materials rack

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTION: Anton: Has contact, Claude, with cheap storage crates, Middle Swan. We'd like some, please send details through
-   ACTION: NB: tell landlord about the roof leak above offices in remote corner, drips into AudioVault
-   ACTION: BD: Organise a Chimney, we have permission from the owners for whirlybird, etc. installation
    -   DH was going to? With piping from Galvins?
-   ACTION: Southen, Davo, Nick: Armtwist users, especially committee to set a LDAP password on auth.internal.artifactory.org.au
-   ACTION: WC, write letter to Cornwell House: "Yes we would like to be aprt of this, we have N members, we will be a foundational member club, subject to ratification at our next GM"
-   ACTION: WC: Remove skulls from gate!
    -   but some people like them!
-   ACTION: JM will forward AST updates to committee
-   ACTION: MitchK: Fire extinguishers@work for us, Monday?
-   ACTION: JM/TG/JD: Adam Fiannaca - Needs to be converted to a 12 months gratis membership), payment as "other"
-   ACTION: TG: Daniel Macnish has requested his membership be placed on hold as he's traveling until October.
-   ACTION: MK: Make a microphone setup - stage mike + PA?
-   ACTION: WC: Volunteers to run a 3D printer training workshop
-   ACTION: SM: was willing to run a CNC training day when he's back?
-   ACTION: WC: add series key padlock to gate, MK has a spare padlock?

### Additional Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JD NB ChrisBashall ChrisHall RichHatwell DavidO'Meara JamesStewart
    -   Quorum Fail!
    -   AudioVault had more people here and voted us out
    -   Then Timbo arrived!
-   Apologies: DH JM BD SM
-   Absent: BR WC AL SR

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 10:24am
-   Closed: 11:55am
-   Next meeting: post-AGM, 20140913-1100, 4 weeks

### Minutes of previous meeting

-   True and correct records for June, July?

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER          |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER       |

### Correspondence

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY

## Officer Reports

### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON
    -   Let's go to Scitech
    -   Visitors are coming through, we need more!

### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER
    -   Last known bank balance
        -   Artifactory has \$?
        -   GSPA has \$?
        -   Total: \$?
        -   Major bills paid this month?
            -   August rent was, not September yet, due September 1st
            -   Power?
-   SM: Sorted out the rent for Aug
-   Grants
    -   TG: Would Lotterywest support use with a grant for getting the space up to code?
        -   already considering them for the toolroom
    -   DO'M: Fogerty Association, Philanthropist's might too

### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   New members since last month:
-   Approval of New Members

| Status      | Accepted    |
|-------------|-------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER    |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER |

-   Current Membership Numbers
    -   ? active full, ? inactive full
    -   ? active concession, ? inactive concession
    -   ? active visitors, ? inactive visitors
    -   Some extra visitors are coming through, cash is appearing in the tin
-   What's the expected membership income for this or last month?
    -   (activeF\*70 + activeC\*40) = \$X?
        -   or... how many people have paid a month's membership or more in the last 30 days?
    -   \+ \$1200 AudioVault?

### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
    -   Sunday 20140727-1000--1800 Lifecasting course, Rich Hatwell
        -   <https://www.facebook.com/events/332116016943133>
    -   Saturday 20140802-1000 - Cosplay Build Day <https://www.facebook.com/events/805469366138987> \$10/\$20
    -   DIY Mod Synth night - about \$160 added to the kitty
    -   NM#37 about the same - \$160
    -   Geek Haven - a small handful of outsiders
-   Upcoming
    -   Today! Scitech festival for National Science Week <http://www.scienceweek.net.au/>
    -   Tuesday 20140826-1930 NoizeMaschin!! \#38 <https://www.facebook.com/events/1478683882371357>
    -   Tuesday 20140819 ADUG <http://www.adug.org.au/meetings/perth/next_meeting.html>
    -   DIY Mod Synth night: Catchup and review
    -   Saturday 20140906-1900 GSPA, Steampunk and Dinosaurs at the Museum <https://www.facebook.com/events/296301457200275>
        -   GSPA Ball - this is a benefit gig for Artifactory. Promote! We need the funds (Artifactory)
    -   SAGA Reunion Friday 20140919--21 ?
    -   September: NM#39
    -   Saturday 20140927, Sunday 28: Robotics Weekend with Curtin
    -   October: NM \#40
    -   October: Plans are afoot for a Halloween Artifactory fund raising party in Freo, partly funded by Freo council
    -   20141115 - DO'M BeaufortSt Festival Stall! Hands up for helpers?
-   Suggested
    -   TG: Laser training: Schedule some RSVP'ed TidyClub non-Mondays?
        -   Some people have being coming along, needing help, but not taking to time to train themselves up
        -   Big jobs should have a quasi-commercial premium, it's been happening on goodwill so far. More like \$1/minute, not \$0.10! Other prototyping places charge more
        -   Big jobs will have to be interrupted if there's a queue
        -   Be generous if you're doing commercial work

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Safety Report

-   Safety Officer - DH, deputy?
    -   Any Incidents?
        -   Incident-free: 1 month!
            -   OK, OK, a bandaid was required

#### Quartermasters

-   Timbo, Helenzilla, MK?
-   Going OK? Need a hand?

#### Media and Propaganda/Promotions

-   SKoT, deputy Steven Reszegi, David O'Meara

#### IT Infrastructure Report

-   David, Nick, Timbo, Southen, Daniel, Brendan?

#### Infrastructure Report

-   INFRASTRUCTURE TSAR - Anton
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
    -   TG: Carpark and Kitchen - enthusiasm welcome, should follow the [Tidy Space policy](/tidyspace/)

### Agenda Items

### General Business

### ACTION Items Resulting
