---
title: Committee Meeting - 2014-12-06
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:02:11.235Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:23:48.298Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2014.12.06

## Agenda

### Additional Agenda Items

-   DOM lock down LDAP access
-   DOM opening and closing procedures
-   DOM where to place additional shelving

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JD TG SM NB CH MK
-   Apologies: JM WC
-   Absent: JS BD

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 1112
-   Closed: 1149
-   Next meeting: Sat 20150103-1100, 4 weeks

### Minutes of previous meeting

[committee_meeting_2014.11.12](/committee/committee_meeting_2014.11.12)

| Status      | Accepted, passed without dissent |
|-------------|----------------------------------|
| Moved By    | JD                               |
| Seconded By | TG                               |

### Correspondence

-   CORRESPONDENCE

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON
    -   Off to Europe until mid 201502
    -   Complaint about a member, received in writing, triggering our complaints and disputes procedure
        -   \[In-camera discussion\]
        -   Investigation
        -   Committee has requested a further written reply from the complainee

#### Treasurer's Report

Slightly delayed as Tidyclub had not been brought up to date at time of meeting.

-   TREASURER
    -   Bank Balance at 12 December 2014 (\~one week post meeting): \$2491.04
        -   January rent expected soon
        -   Other bills (waste, power, internet access) paid.
        -   Monies in space building up and in need of banking & not including AV January.
        -   Once AV rent in, space rent out, and money banked, we should end up with a positive bank balance

| TidyClub.com Income & Expenses Report | 01 November 2014 to 30 November 2014 |
|---------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| Income - Total                        | \$3,448.02 (TG calculated): 3592.66  |
| Income - Membership                   | 3,416.04                             |
| Income - Tickets (Doug's arduino kits | \$176.62                             |
| Expenses - Total                      | \$4661.84                            |
| Expenses - Rent                       | \$3926.95                            |
| Expenses - Equipment                  | \$353.45                             |
| Expenses - Electricity                | \$364.85                             |
| Expenses - Misc (Doug's Arduino Kits  | \$176.62                             |
| Net Profit                            | \$-1213.82                           |

**Note:** The figures for income don't add up. Have reported as potential bug to TidyClub.

#### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP
    -   Approval of New Members
    -   CURRENT: 40 full, 3 concession, 1 sponsored, 6 visitor members
        -   ACTION: TG&SM: to set up WC as second sponsored member
    -   PREVIOUS as of 20141015: 45 Full, 4 concession, 1 sponsored, 8 visitors
    -   [snapshot](/committee/restricted/memberregister)
    -   ACTION: TG to invoice: MK would like to renew at the corporate-sponsored \$1200pa for December

#### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
    -   Sat 20141115-12--2100 <http://www.beaufortstreetfestival.com.au/>
        -   Thank you DO'M, Jean-Michel, NB
        -   Very positive, sold heaps and spoke to huge numbers of people. Hoping this translates to either direct interest or greater knowledge about our existence
        -   Paid for itself, \$250 stall cost, merchandise production costs, \$58 final profit to the space
        -   Did they find our sign?
    -   Tue 20141125-1930 NoizeMaschin!! \#41 <https://www.facebook.com/events/372713239554087/>
-   Upcoming
    -   JD: Laser training today, after the committee meeting
        -   but no email RSVPs have happened as of now!
        -   MK has a training template in his shared area
    -   Tue 20141216-1930 NoizeMaschin!! \#42 Xmas special <https://www.facebook.com/events/1553344871562074/>
    -   Thu 20141211-1830 Geek Haven Xmas in December - thank you Kitty, Elena stepping in?

### Previous ACTION Items Status

-   ACTION: NB: Can we make another \$108.94 repayment towards towards \[PRD\]'s [never-never](/committee/nevernever) ?
    -   TG: Probably not enough of a positive bank balance to make another payment now, but should revisit next month
-   ACTION: MK: Bring in CO2 fire extinguisher, forward claim through
    -   Will bring in tomorrow
    -   Tagging them requires an inspection, \$110 callout, \$25/extinguisher
-   ACTION: MK: set up a FTP account to the Roleystone WAFreenet BTSync area backup
    -   MK will send the details through tomorrow
-   ACTION: JD can write up some bulletpoints re: [tidyspace](/tidyspace), Artist memberships, drama, acid, rain, will need help to formalise, to discuss this month.
    -   TODO: Today
    -   Main thrust: Name your stuff, otherwise it will be disposed with prejudice
-   ACTION: JD: Announce 2014/15 committee to artifactory-core mailing list
    -   TODO: Today

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

-   INFRASTRUCTURE TSAR
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
-   ACTION: next month review: [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
    -   David Faletti: CAD room warden
    -   Jenny Wyatt: Rear Courtyard warden
    -   Busybee? Make and publicise a limboload

### Agenda Items

-   SM: [Stirling City](Stirling City Saga): good news!
    -   Stirling are prepared to give us a conditional occupancy of 100 people for events if the roller door is open, 50 people at other times, so our need for a second fire escape is no longer a blocking item!
    -   Requires the TODO items, then an formal survey by Ray Barron (\~\$1000), then submitted to council
    -   RC rated capacity number can be 50 anytime
    -   Capacity for the square meterage would usually be 170
    -   \$200-\$500 for portapotty hire
    -   Things that need doing:
        -   exit light needs illuminating (battery replaced?) - design is fine
        -   "No Escape" signs over both rear doors, as they only go to a closed courtyard
        -   fire extinguishers need tags
        -   carpet edges need to be pinned down in some way so as not to be a trip hazard
        -   spray paints and flammables into metal cabinet
        -   stage curtains were inappropriate material - fixed/replacable
    -   They were ok with escape from tool room and offices as they stand due to low "workshop mode" occupancy

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   WC: CHCW: Cornwell House Community Workshops (inc)
    -   ACTION: TG will chase up with WC, we expect a \$250 request, which may turn into a Lotterywest grant
    -   WC will take up a position representing the Artifactory on the CHCW committee
    -   ACTION: WC leading the charge to write a first round project plan?

### General Business

-   Opening and closing procedures not always being followed: by members? or AV bands?
    -   AV bands are already being briefed

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: TG: Check if we have some cashflow for a repayment towards towards \[PRD\]'s [never-never](/committee/nevernever): maybe \$58.94 ?
-   ACTION: MK: Bringing in CO2 fire extinguisher 20141207, forward claim through, get inspection for tagging them (expected cost: \$110 callout, \$25/extinguisher)
-   ACTION: MK: send the login details through 20141207, re: FTP account to the Roleystone WAFreenet BTSync area backup
-   ACTION: JD can write up some bulletpoints re: [tidyspace](/tidyspace), Artist memberships, drama, acid, rain, will need help to formalise, to discuss this month.
    -   Main thrust: Name your stuff, otherwise it will be disposed with prejudice
-   ACTION: JD: Announce 2014/15 committee to artifactory-core mailing list
    -   Done
-   ACTION: TG&SM: to set up WC as second sponsored member
-   ACTION: TG to invoice: MK would like to renew at the corporate-sponsored \$1200pa for December
-   ACTION: TG will chase up with WC re: CHCW, we expect a \$250 request, which may turn into a Lotterywest grant
-   ACTION: WC leading the charge to write a first round project plan? Help needed? What next actions required?
