---
title: Committee Meeting - 2014-09-13
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:01:47.829Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:23:14.239Z
---

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

### Additional Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JD NB WC ShayT TimG KittyByrne BrettD DaveO'M BrendanR MitchK SKotM ChrisHall
-   Apologies:
-   Absent:

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 20140913-1308
-   Closed: 20140913-1410
-   Next meeting:
    -   Saturdays 1pm?
    -   Second Saturdays of the month?
    -   20141011-1300, 4 weeks

### Allocation of roles

-   Chairperson
    -   Mitch Kelly nominates self, withdrawn
    -   Brett Downing nominates David O'Meara, accepted, withdrawn
    -   David O'Meara nominates Jenna Downing to continue! Accepted
        -   Huzzah! Jenna!
-   Vice-Chair
    -   Mitch Kelly nominates self
    -   Nick Bannon nominates David O'Meara, declined
    -   Nick Bannon nominates himself, withdrawn
        -   Huzzah! Mitch!
-   Secretary
    -   Nick Bannon nominates himself
    -   Tim Gilchrist nominates David O'Meara, declined
        -   Huzzah! Nick!
-   TimG: Nominates self as Treasurer
    -   Huzzah, Tim!
        -   You are a wonderful human being
-   JasonM: TimG is holding his proxy, willing to be deputy Treasurer
    -   Huzzah, Jason!
-   Deputy Secretary
    -   Nick Bannon nominates David O'Meara, accepted
        -   Huzzah, David!
-   Membership officer
    -   TimG nominates David O'Meara, accepted
        -   Huzzah, David!
-   Events Manager
    -   SKoT McDonald nominates self
    -   Deputy AndrewNonlinearCircults for modular synth nights, also 2 others for NM nights
        -   Huzzah, SKoT!
-   Infrastructure Tsar
    -   Mitch Kelly nominates self
        -   Huzzah, Mitch!
-   Quartermaster
    -   TimG nominates self
    -   Note from outgoing Treasurer: Make sure we gets receipts!
        -   Huzzah, Tim!
-   Safety Officer
    -   Nick Bannon nominates Warren Creemers
        -   Huzzah, Warren!

### Minutes of previous meeting

-   True and correct records? Last month was informal, no quorum

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER          |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER       |

### Correspondence

-   Accepted for BeaufortSt Festival Saturday 20141115, 3x3m stall, costs \$200
    -   If there's a shortfall, Davo will cover it
    -   TimG GSPA trilobite badges in more
-   WarrenC: CHCW accepting bookings for meeting spaces
    -   Second Saturdays of the month

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY

## Officer Reports

### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER
    -   Last known bank balance: \$6872
        -   Major bills paid this month?
            -   ACTION: TimG: September rent to pay
            -   Power?
        -   thank you GSPA! A few hundred in bills still to pay
    -   ACTION: TG/DO'M: Update/Implement [TidyClub](/Tidyclub) membership items
        -   AudioVault 201409 invoice and onwards: \$1350/month
        -   Full memberships: \$75/month
        -   Concession memberships: \$45/month
        -   "Sponsored memberships"? \$1200/year for industry, \$600/year for student?
        -   "Space usage allowance" topup items? \$25/month full, \$5/month concession?

### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   WarrenC
    -   Sponsored memberships
        -   e.g. 3rd engineering students; industry groups that need occasional tool acces
        -   Single annual fee; vs Yearly payment option?
        -   One named person
        -   Includes usage fees
        -   Get tax receipt (no GST included)
        -   No bulk manufacturing
        -   Concern: Case by case basis? Tailor to suit actual people
        -   Approvals at committee meetings
        -   Firms have/want a budgetted item
        -   Proposed \$100/month for industry, \$50/month student, paid annually
        -   UWA motorsport EV project? EEE have to pay to use lathes&drillpress from MechEng dept, book time, pay out of projects budget, huge pain!
        -   Motion: For: Unanimous

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   New members since last month:
-   Approval of New Members

| Status      | Accepted    |
|-------------|-------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER    |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER |

-   Current Membership Numbers
    -   ? active full, ? inactive full
    -   ? active concession, ? inactive concession
    -   ? active visitors, ? inactive visitors
-   What's the expected membership income for this or last month?
    -   (activeF\*75 + activeC\*45) = \$X?
        -   or... how many people have paid a month's membership or more in the last 30 days?
    -   \+ \$1350 AudioVault?

### Events Officer Report

-   Previous events
    -   Tuesday 20140826-1930 NoizeMaschin!! \#38 <https://www.facebook.com/events/1478683882371357>
    -   Tuesday 20140819 ADUG <http://www.adug.org.au/meetings/perth/next_meeting.html>
    -   Saturday 20140906-1900 GSPA, Steampunk and Dinosaurs at the Museum <https://www.facebook.com/events/296301457200275>
-   Upcoming events
    -   SAGA Reunion Friday 20140919--21 ?
        -   KittyByrne has RSA, MitchKelly may get one
    -   Robotics
    -   NM
    -   DIY Synth
-   Suggested events

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Safety Report

-   Safety Officer
    -   Broken wristbone this month
        -   \[In camera discussion\]
    -   Incidents must be reported on main core list

#### Quartermasters

-   Timbo
    -   Going OK? Need a hand?
    -   Restock, including FirstAidKit

#### Media and Propaganda/Promotions

#### IT Infrastructure Report

-   David, Nick, Brendan, Southen, Daniel

#### Infrastructure Report

-   INFRASTRUCTURE TSAR - MitchK
    -   ACTION: MitchK: Fire extinguisher refresh
-   ACTION: next month review: [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)

### Agenda Items

### General Business

-   Everyone have wiki access? Yes!
-   On mailinglist?
-   Update commmittee wiki page
-   ACTION: Bank access: TimG: Jason and more visit NAB MtLawley this coming month, will mail the committee list about it
-   ACTION: Scrap metal: DO'M will organise with Graham, the metal salvage guy, for a Tuesday 20140916 morning pickup

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        * Graham willing to come back and do other pickups from the front on request
    * Next door's van
      * Was in contact with Rich, paperwork, insurance
      * Parties are talking
      * ACTION: We would like a report back regarding next door's van
      * Black overspray was a separate incident
    * Carpark: to clean
    * Lasercutter: to clean

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: TimG: September rent to pay
-   ACTION: TG/DO'M: Update/Implement [TidyClub](/Tidyclub) membership items
-   ACTION: MitchK: Fire extinguisher refresh
-   ACTION: Bank access: TimG: Jason and more visit NAB MtLawley this coming month, will mail the committee list about it
-   ACTION: Scrap metal: DO'M will organise with Graham, the metal salvage guy, for a Tuesday 20140916 morning pickup
-   ACTION: We would like a report back regarding next door's van
-   ACTION: next month review: [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
-   ACTION: next month review: btsync access
