---
title: 2014-07-19
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:01:31.323Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:22:48.255Z
---

## Agenda

-   City of Swan, Cornwell House Community Workshops, Midland - what's the next step, what do they need in terms of confirmation of our interest?
    -   WC: Rang up Bob Wallis, got some information, we've tipped to scaled to get a bigger building earmarked for us, 300 - 454 m\^2, plus access to outdoor areas, commercial kitchen
    -   Up to \$8000 rent/year, plus membership contribution? \$500pa? plus bills
        -   Pay back nevernevers!
    -   AGM will be in a week or two, we're invited
    -   Join them as a foundation club, some commitment and paperwork, our name will be part of their public face
    -   We will send them a formal in principle expression of interest letter; and take it to our AGM
        -   ACTION: WC, write letter: "Yes we would like to be aprt of this, we have N members, we will be a foundational member club, subject to ratification at our next GM"
        -   Invite them to our AGM
        -   Publicise more to our list
    -   Mayor of Swan has gone to Canberra for infrastructure grant for this, have a verbal "yes"
    -   MOTION: Form Midland Migration Subcommittee
        -   WC, BD, JM, and will publicise on chat list

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | WC       |
| Seconded By | BD       |

      * ...and Fremantle?
      * Agenda item for GM
    * MOTION: Set AGM for Saturday 20140913-1100

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | NB       |
| Seconded By | JD       |

-   <http://www.australiansheettraders.com.au/> has lost track of a \$596.65 cash payment?
    -   AST disagrees, even though their books are probably out of balance
    -   AST delivered it to MK's work
    -   MK: Has the invoice here now, order# 4434 date 20140417; payment term "Net Monthly"
    -   We do not want a credit account, same as the rest
    -   MK paid it again by CC, with records passed to JM
        -   ACTION: JM will forward to committee
    -   JM called AST and complained
-   MK: Fridge outside for the taking, off to limbo
-   NB: Like the TV. \$80. Committee: Done.
-   David O'Meara
    -   Adrian from Trotec (laser cutters) mentioned that with the greater prevalence of laser cutters, his clients are reporting more instances of safety audits from official people. For example are activities restricted to LSO holders are performed by people that are not? and the case keys are not secured? David would also like confirmation that the electronics for the swipe card (accessible by opening the lid) does not bypass the security entirely.
        -   Noted
        -   We have documented procedures and officers on the wiki
    -   we were querying additional undocumented cameras in the space.
        -   There was a flaky one on stage, not working, removed
        -   CAD Room: Working, on webcams page
        -   Main space: Working, on webcams page
        -   Need to be documented, accessible, not too invasive
        -   JD: All cameras must be on <http://artifactory.org.au/webcams/>
        -   JD: Disagree with recording
        -   MK: Versus security, we have had a \$150 fridge theft just recently
        -   BD: Messagebox on webcams - send messages to space
        -   WC: Button on webpage to disable cameras for 30mins, like aircon/dunny timer?
    -   David provided a written apology and visitor token to someone that visited the space and was turned off by a negative and hostile reception. Social skills are not a geek's strong point but we all reflect the space and no single person is more important than the space.
        -   Social corrosiveness, some abrasive
        -   "Nerds with beards"
        -   Smart people arrive at the space and feel taken down to average
        -   JM: We have a problem with onboarding new members: how do we formalise and do it consistently well?
        -   WC: Welcoming badge: you can wear it when you feel like doing it?
        -   JD: Badge: "Ask me questions, I won't call you stupid"
    -   <http://enkel.co/> (through David) are using the 3D printer but will replace the spool of plastic. We should get much more back than we provide
        -   BD: replacement has now arrived and installed on the Up!
    -   can we remove the fridge safe? It prevents others restocking the fridge and provides a handy carry to remove it all at once.
        -   No, but subject to improvement
    -   perspex trolley is a nice idea but not enforceable
    -   big red LC1290 rhs z axis steppers needs a fix for the tensioning bolt
        -   NB: has M4 bolts, spinning, has nuts on base
        -   MK: Still needs fixing
    -   we have a mouse (mice?) Please clean up food scraps
        -   Stick a sign on the bins, no bulk food scraps, straight to the skip, use the bin lid and binbag for kichen bin
    -   SKoT to liaise with today tonight contact re Artifactory and the DIY home Reno fad.
        -   Any details?
    -   Adjourn to Dimattina coffee&muffins! @12:00pm
    -   ACTION: MitchK: Fire extinguishers@work for us, Monday?

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTION: Anton: Has contact, Claude, with cheap storage crates, Middle Swan. We'd like some, please send details through
    -   Not happened yet?
-   ACTION: MitchK: email committee with some details about the roof leak so we can contact the landlord
    -   Above offices in remote corner, drips into AudioVault
    -   ACTION: NB: tell landlord
-   ACTION: BD: Organise a Chimney, we have permission from the owners for whirlybird, etc. installation
    -   DH was going to? With piping from Galvins?
-   ACTION: SKoT: NAB form, new signatories?
    -   Post AGM
-   ACTION: Southen, Davo, Nick: New LDAP on auth.internal.artifactory.org.au
    -   Working! Any committee members or others still needing logins?

### Additional Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JD, BD, NB, JM, WC, Raal, Mitch Kelly
-   Apologies: DH, SM, AL, David O'Meara, TG
-   Absent: BR

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 10:28am
-   Closed: 13:03pm
-   Next meeting: 20140816-1000, 4 weeks

### Minutes of previous meeting

-   Insufficient reading - postpone to next meeting

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER          |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER       |

### Correspondence

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY

## Officer Reports

### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON
    -   Now receiving signup notifications from TidyClub

### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER
    -   Last known bank balance
        -   Artifactory has \$2267.01
        -   GSPA has \$4446.02
        -   Total: \$6713.03
        -   No major bills paid this month yet; e.g. rent and power
    -   June's net position: loss of \$242.47

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    From: Jason Muirhead <email@jasonmuirhead.com>
    Subject: [artifactory-ctte] treasurer's report
    Date: Sat, 19 Jul 2014 11:06:38 +0800
    To: artifactory-committee@googlegroups.com

| TidyClub.com Income & Expenses Report | 01 June 2014 to 30 June 2014 |
|---------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| Income - Total                        | \$6,854.03                   |
| Income - Membership                   | \$3,508.37                   |
| Income - Cash Deposit                 | \$445.00                     |
| Income - Bond                         | \$240.00                     |
| Income - Merchandise                  | \$85.00                      |
| Income - Tickets                      | \$2,575.66                   |
| Expenses - Total                      | \$4,520.84                   |
| Expenses - Rent                       | \$3,741.84                   |
| Expenses - Internet                   | \$79.00                      |
| Expenses - Welding Classes            | \$700.00                     |
| Net Profit                            | \$2,333.19                   |

-   Lotterywest lasercutter grant, final \$525 draw down claimed 20140524, arrived in our account 20140625
-   Have events tipped the balance to positive this last month or so?
    -   Not for June, maybe July
-   What was last month's actual membership income? \$3,508.37
-   Still have outstanding <http://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=committee:nevernever> , notably SM, DH and \$2358.94 to \[PRD\]; naturally, getting ahead in our rent and bills is first priority
    -   \[PRD\] reminder bump

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    Date: Fri, 18 Jul 2014 10:52:56 +0800
    From: Peter Dreisiger <prd@decarchive.org>
    To: artifactory-committee@googlegroups.com
    Subject: Re: PRD's nevernever, was Re: [artifactory-ctte] Re: [artifactory-core] Your Artifactory needs you (and your friends)

### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    Date: Sat, 19 Jul 2014 02:32:19 +0800
    From: Tim Gilchrist <tim@timtech.org>
    To: artifactory-committee@googlegroups.com
    Subject: [artifactory-ctte] Apologies

-   New Full members since last month:
    -   Nathaniel Shivaraman (key bond invoice issued)
    -   Paul Stone
    -   Alexander Dubrawski
-   New Concession members since last month:
    -   Majdi Faleh (plans to sign up for a key in a few months)
    -   Andrew Henson (key bond paid)
    -   jeffrey jones (key bond paid)
-   Approval of New Members

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | JD       |
| Seconded By | WC       |

-   ACTION: JM/TG/JD: Adam Fiannaca - Needs to be converted to a 12 months gratis membership), payment as "other"
-   ACTION: TG: Daniel Macnish has requested his membership be placed on hold as he's traveling until October.
    -   JM: We allow the membership to lapse; don't send further invoices, but when they come back please contact committee to get credit from when we were notified/acknowledged by email that they wanted the membership on hold
-   Current Numbers
    -   32 active full, 19 inactive full
    -   4 active concession, 7 inactive concession
    -   5 active visitors, 78 inactive visitors
-   What's the expected membership income for this or last month?
    -   (32\*70 + 4\*40) = \$2400?
        -   or... how many people have paid a month's membership or more in the last 30 days?
    -   \+ \$1200 AudioVault?

### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
    -   Saturday 20140621--2 Supanova - Kitty, Davo, Rich and Nick; \$735.90 in sales, \$420 on stall cost, remainder distributed to partially offset promotional item expenses
        -   MK: One related signup from Laser Monday!
        -   Rich bringing in a lot of cosplayers
        -   MK: Signup on the day, half price for 2 months?
        -   DO'M: Great success. Plenty of learning's and something that we can get more out of next year.
    -   Sunday 20140629 Lifecasting course, Rich Hatwell
        -   Successful! <https://www.facebook.com/events/742030112521675>
    -   Tuesday 20140715 ADUG <http://www.adug.org.au/meetings/perth/next_meeting.html>, 11 attendees
        -   Careful: easy to be too noisy talking in the laser area when stage area presentations are underway. Do we have a stage microphone? MK: Yes! WC: Plus portable PA box@kitchen corner
        -   ACTION: MK: Make a microphone setup
    -   Wednesday 20140716 ArduinoU with TVOut <https://www.facebook.com/events/1509100032659302>
-   Upcoming
    -   Today! Maker-Convoy to Fremantle for <http://enkel.co/> <https://www.facebook.com/events/1495137444034209> (continues tomorrow)
        -   Davo: Enkel temporary maker space 33 High Road Fremantle, 19th and 20th July. Come see.
        -   Raal: The coffeeshop brings people in, very welcoming
        -   also Blazing Swan fundraiser at Mojo's, noon 'till 1am <https://www.facebook.com/events/709196229123669>
    -   Sunday 20140720-1000--1800 Clay Sculpting course, Rich Hatwell
        -   <https://www.facebook.com/events/416488565156581>
        -   Paying space \$20 a head day membership from course fees, with a cap of \$150, expecting up to a cap of 10 people
        -   Anything we can do to make things go well? Sell tidyclub tickets? Fire up a lunchtime BBQ? see also Cosplay Build Day
            -   Yep, BBQ would be great, Bunnings style
    -   Tuesday 20140722-1930 NoizeMaschin!! \#37 3rd birthday <https://www.facebook.com/events/650925774988607>
    -   Sunday 20140727-1000--1800 Lifecasting course, Rich Hatwell
        -   <https://www.facebook.com/events/332116016943133>
    -   Saturday 20140802-1000 - could use some helpers? - Cosplay Build Day <https://www.facebook.com/events/805469366138987> \$10/\$20
        -   NM takes cash at the desk
    -   Tuesday 20140819 ADUG <http://www.adug.org.au/meetings/perth/next_meeting.html>
    -   Saturday 20140906-1900 GSPA, Steampunk and Dinosaurs at the Museum <https://www.facebook.com/events/296301457200275>
    -   [PLUG](http://www.plug.org.au/) - <http://softwarefreedomday.org/> Saturday 20140920 ?
        -   Can the bar be staffed? and/or fridge fully stocked? Coke and more!
            -   www.onlinersa.com.au RSA Online (Responsible Service of Alcohol) - Start in 3 minutes, complete your RSA Online training in 3 hrs then print your RSA Online certificate
            -   www.rsaonline.com.au RSA Online - RSA Certificate - RSA Online Training \$19.95
            -   www.kdykde.com Pay Only When You Pass! \$24.95
            -   www.rsaonlinenow.com.au Pay only When you pass Your RSA Course
            -   www.clubtraining.com.au/online-courses/rsa/
            -   www.hia.edu.au/online-rsa/
        -   PLUG run a paid BBQ, proceeds towards \$150 booking fee?
            -   Committee: OK
-   Suggested
    -   Brett - Electronics, SMPS workshop?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    Date: Mon, 7 Jul 2014 11:14:15 +0800
    Subject: [artifactory-ctte] An electronics workshop? - SMPS
    To: artifactory-committee@googlegroups.com

      * Rich - training? David Faletti - Tidyclub tickets?
        * Rich: Screenshots of LaserCut software
        * ACTION: WC: Volunteers to run a 3D printer training workshop
        * ACTION: SM: was willing to run a CNC day when he's back?

    From: rich hatwell <r.hatwell@hotmail.com>
    Date: Tue, 8 Jul 2014 21:14:18 +1030
    Subject: [artifactory-core] A suggestion on training laser/swarfomat
    To: artifactory-core@googlegroups.com

    There has been a lot of talk lately about laser and cnc training.
    I'd like to throw a suggestion out there.
    These are both industrial style machines that i think would benefit from structured
    training days. Probably a good 5-6 hours going through all the stages in a structured
    lesson, similar to the way welding and courses I run are conducted.
    And possibly with laser and cnc split over two weekends.This can also be accompanied
    by handouts with picture/photo references of each stage.
    I personally have been trained on laser but have since forgotten most of it.
    If everyone had something to refer back to and had a decent amount of time to concentrate
    on the tasks, it would probably make the operation of these machines less problematic.
    Because of the time devoted by people training I don't see a problem charging for these
    lessons, whatever that amount maybe. And also with an at least two week notice so
    positions to attend course can be allocated, and there is clear sign up and notice for
    all parties involved.
    Rich

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Safety Report

-   Safety Officer - DH, deputy?
    -   Incident during Z datum in LC1290 - scraped fingers, could've been worse!

#### Quartermasters

-   Timbo, Helenzilla, MK?
-   Going OK? Need a hand?

#### Media and Propaganda/Promotions

-   SKoT, deputy Steven Reszegi
-   Thanks David O'Meara!
    -   DO'M: can we legitimise the 'promotions subcommittee' reportable to the marketing and PR member (currently SKoT)?
        -   Yes!
        -   WC will join a promotions subcommittee
    -   DO'M: can I get promotions@ forwarded to my email address to reduce promotion emails channelling through info@
        -   Yes!

#### IT Infrastructure Report

-   David, Nick, Southen, Daniel, Brendan?

#### Infrastructure Report

-   INFRASTRUCTURE TSAR - Anton
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
-   External drain pump cannot be turned off - locked with a dab of silicone
-   David O'Meara would like the infrastructure subcommittee to require all internal projects to be documented in the wiki and if it is not documented then it doesn't exist. This would be an outline, who is involved or who to query, current status and timeframe. It is not meant to be 100% up to date but hopefully tracks half-projects. The air line is documented.
    -   e.g. carpark lights
    -   ACTION: WC: add series key padlock to gate, MK has a spare padlock?
-   BR - new speakers needed
    -   Meg will help, how does she pay?
        -   JM: Clearly mark it "SPEAKERS INSERT-MY-NAME-HERE", send it to the bank account

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    Subject: [artifactory-core] Replacement speakers needed!
    From: Brendan Ragan <lordmortis@gmail.com>
    Date: Wed, 16 Jul 2014 21:41:47 +0800
    To: artifactory-core@googlegroups.com

### Agenda Items

### General Business

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: Anton: Has contact, Claude, with cheap storage crates, Middle Swan. We'd like some, please send details through
-   ACTION: NB: tell landlord about the roof leak above offices in remote corner, drips into AudioVault
-   ACTION: BD: Organise a Chimney, we have permission from the owners for whirlybird, etc. installation
    -   DH was going to? With piping from Galvins?
-   ACTION: SKoT: Post AGM: NAB form, new signatories?
-   ACTION: Southen, Davo, Nick: Armtwist users, especially committee to set a LDAP password on auth.internal.artifactory.org.au
-   ACTION: WC, write letter to Cornwell House: "Yes we would like to be aprt of this, we have N members, we will be a foundational member club, subject to ratification at our next GM"
-   ACTION: WC: Remove skulls from gate!
-   ACTION: JM will forward AST updates to committee
-   ACTION: MitchK: Fire extinguishers@work for us, Monday?
-   ACTION: JM/TG/JD: Adam Fiannaca - Needs to be converted to a 12 months gratis membership), payment as "other"
-   ACTION: TG: Daniel Macnish has requested his membership be placed on hold as he's traveling until October.
-   ACTION: MK: Make a microphone setup - stage mike + PA?
-   ACTION: WC: Volunteers to run a 3D printer training workshop
-   ACTION: SM: was willing to run a CNC training day when he's back?
-   ACTION: WC: add series key padlock to gate, MK has a spare padlock?
