---
title: 2014-02-08
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:00:45.369Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:21:48.316Z
---

-   Meeting open: 13:12

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Present: Daniel H (acting chair), Nick B (secretary), Tim G, Chris H, Mitch K, SKoT M, Jason M (treasurer), Brendan R, David O'M, Warren C
-   Apologies: Anton L, Jenna D (chair, jumping off mountains)
-   Absent:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Reports
-   Acceptance, Previous minutes: Nick propose, Tim seconds: Passed

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Correspondance:
    -   SM: Stirling determination -\> Planning Committee meeting Tueday, every level thereof, then to be forwarded to full Council
    -   JM: poking unpaid members
    -   NB: Lexi Hemsley asked me for some Artifactory flyers for Genghiscon 2014 swag bag, NB made some, then went in

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Treasurer:
    -   Some members have not/will not be renewing
    -   35 full, 3 concession currently
    -   May reach as low as 30 after renewals chasing
    -   \$4084 expenses
    -   \$4010 income, including \$1200 Audiovault
    -   Net profit -\$90
    -   Concerning.
    -   DO'M: Capacity of space? A: Plenty. Nobody's left because it's too crowded, more the merrier
    -   Insurance is due: \~\$1500
    -   Balance: \$359.64, paid February's rent
    -   Some have not made a payment since October

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Infrastructure report by email

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    Subject: Potential Apologies
    Date: Thu, 06 Feb 2014 10:04:36 +0800
    To: artifactory-committee at googlegroups.com

      * Lathe belts ordered, somewhere in the mail
      * Timer floodlight: 100w LED flood, the construction of a small box with an automatic timer and manual / bypass switch for about $220 total - need is approval from the do-ocracy
        * Can't give appproval for expenses right now
      * Extinguishers
        * use water spray for laser small fires
        * about $80/h + parts by Global Electrotech - guesstimate at ~$200 to bring our extinguishers to code. Recommend buying some small units for specific machines (lasers) from Bunnings at ~$40/ea as the big ones are $300-400 to buy new - ouch! Again, if someone agrees, will book Global, buy some extinguishers and erect signage
      * No free cardboard recycling bins handily available yet
      * ACTION: DH email Anton about toolroom
      * JM recommends: Service big extinguishers
        * ACTION: MK: 6 services for $85 at office from Westside Fire Services, will email invoice

-   Events
    -   SM: NM happpened, next one coming Feb 25th
        -   No other big events currently planned

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Previous ACTION items
    -   SM: no free cardboard bins
-   ACTION: Jason: NAB form, new signatories?
-   ACTION: Anton: order Lathe Belt
-   ACTION: Brett: order control board for the mill
-   ACTION: Anton: LED Floodlight for carpark
-   ACTION: SKoT: Chase our Stirling City guy
-   ACTION: SKoT: Recycling Bins from Stirling City?
-   ACTION: Jenna: New T-shirt order (Garry's contact?), Jenna putting up some designs on Red Bubble.
-   ACTION: Anton/Nick: New fridge, ?Scope-Like? \$1000 @ Bills Machinery
    -   ACTION: MK might have spare bar fridge
    -   ACTION: NB basic foam seals
-   ACTION: Anton: organize extinguishers vetting
-   ACTION: Tim: Parking ticket manufacturing
-   ACTION: SKoT: AREA WARDEN posters
-   ACTION: SKoT: Funding Efforts, get graphics to Elena, to do

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   General business

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
     * SM: away next week
     * ACTION: NB: from MK, DO'M: link up WAFreenet

     * Fundraising:
       * DO'M: Promotion/Marketing at Markets, sell lasercut kits, encourage DIY
         * Birdcage, marble machine
         * Need materials - 3mm MDF, Angus?
         * Yes! Will get help
       * Event: DM
         * DH spoke to Adam: Run advance welding class
           * Pan brake requried
           * Adam & DH can bring welders
       * Approach media
         * TV spot?
         * Would need followup Open Days
         * Warren: will update prospectus and see if we can get a story done
         * BR: Nick Evans: Need 3 things:
           * e.g. Steam Ostritch, Zepplin, and....? flying shark?
           * fly winches
           * human interest vs specific story
             * props for festivals? specific story
             * free sign for a group that needs it, Rotary? Remida?
       * Contributors to Wordpress, Wiki -> SM, JohnP, TimG want instructions on wiki
       * DO'M been updating wiki

-   Signs coming along

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   BrendanR: Can we lasertrain on demand? Mondays?
    -   Need roster. Yes!
        -   One complete successful cut without intervention on new day, Trainee to Operator
        -   Operator to Trainer: consensus of current trainers
        -   Wed/Sat better for DH currently
        -   2 Mondays/month, two trainers
        -   More drainpipe/hose, put fans outside or through toolroom wall
        -   ACTION: NB, MK Relocate fans
    -   Print a kit: \$10 membership, \$10 materials
    -   ODay: Engineering, design students
        -   Take product samples
        -   ODay run
            -   ACTION: NB: Is UCC interested? Special night just for you
            -   Boardgamers! Print your own board, pieces, Dice tower, board stencils

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   New toolroom: specific grant wanted, should be quicker
    -   Need report on current grant
    -   ACTION: DO'M send them a care package

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Next meeting: Sat 8th March 2014, 4 weeks
-   Meeting closed: 14:10
