---
title: 2014-11-12
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:02:03.950Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:23:35.718Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2014.11.12

## Agenda

### Additional Agenda Items

-   Sat 20141115-12--2100 <http://www.beaufortstreetfestival.com.au/> , see Events

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JD NB TG JM JoeFallon MK
-   Apologies: WC SM MK DO'M JS
-   Absent: BD

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 1807
    -   Wine&Design special event: time&venue
-   Closed: 1901
-   Next meeting: 20141206-1100, 3.5 weeks?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        * JM: apologies
        * then laser training
      * First Saturday vs Second Saturday for the December silly season?

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted (passed without dissent) |
|-------------|-----------------------------------|
| Moved By    | JD                                |
| Seconded By | JM                                |

### Correspondence

-   CORRESPONDENCE
    -   SM: some Stirling Council updates in email
    -   JD
        -   Approached by artist at ArtLab
        -   Another person (Branden) wants to lasercut a logo and hook up some sound artists with the Modular Synth group
    -   JM: Jean-Michel artist-in-residence is really getting into things, hacking his electropiano
    -   MK: Greg from Belmont stopped by, likes the space, has a printing company

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   People seem to be knocking on our doors wanting to know how to get involved

#### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER
    -   Last known bank balance: \$915.24 - includes an unapplied (in tidyclub) payment from WC.
    -   December rent paid. Up to date with bills.
    -   Monies in space building up and in need of banking.

| TidyClub.com Income & Expenses Report | 01 Oct 2014 to 31 October 2014 |
|---------------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| Income - Total                        | \$6,131.46                     |
| Income - Membership                   | \$3,929.31                     |
| Income - Event                        | \$1548.24                      |
| Income - Bond                         | \$653.91                       |
| Expenses - Total                      | \$8479.73                      |
| Expenses - Rent                       | \$7780.85                      |
| Expenses - Equipment                  | \$112.48                       |
| Expenses - Electricity                | \$364.85                       |
| Expenses - Misc                       | \$100                          |
| Net Profit                            | \$-2,348.27                    |

-   ACTION: NB: Agenda next meeting: can we make another \$108.94 repayment towards towards \[PRD\]'s [never-never](/committee/nevernever) ?
    -   Balance is now \$2258.94

#### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP
    -   Approval of New Members
        -   including case-by-case sponsored annual memberships
    -   Current Numbers: X full, X concession, X visitor members

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   WC queries:
    -   Apparently we did not formalise the \$100 membership level with tool access included (approval was given during the AGM)
        -   ...but we can proceed and take those memberships anyway

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      * MOTION: New membership level; grantable and revokable at the discretion of the committee
        * $100/month including time costs for tool usage, fair sharing still applies
        * (We'll keep a close eye on argon and ABS/PLA usage. Supply your own perspex/laserfood.)

| Status      | Accepted (passed without dissent) |
|-------------|-----------------------------------|
| Moved By    | TG                                |
| Seconded By | JM                                |

        * Are documention/TidyClub updates required?
          * Manually applied, not a self-selected optional addon
        * Does not yet appear on https://artifactory.tidyclub.com/public/memberships/new
          * WAIVER RELEASE & INDEMNIFICATION is shown, same for all memberships?
        * Handle these manually in the interim?
      * I wish to use this level this month and next. I have transferred appropriate funds to this effect.
      * Care to rehash the usage agreement from the sponsored membership, and make this level of membership a thing?
      * ACTION: JM: Apply WC's November membership

-   TidyClub feature/change requests - where can we raise them?
    -   trello.com
    -   e.g.
    -   Could <https://artifactory.tidyclub.com/member/memberships> show matching invoice numbers?
    -   Could <https://artifactory.tidyclub.com/member/invoices> (unpaid invoices) show matching invoice numbers?
        -   (it does have links to a payment/receipt URL)
    -   Could <https://artifactory.tidyclub.com/member/orders> (paid invoices) show matching invoice numbers?
        -   (it does have links to a payment/receipt URL)
        -   It lists a paid "Date", could it list a Start and End date for memberships, as <https://artifactory.tidyclub.com/member/memberships> does?
    -   Could payment/receipt pages, e.g. <https://artifactory.tidyclub.com/public/invoices/abcd12345678> list a Start and End date for memberships?
    -   Are Start and End dates documented as inclusive, e.g. 01-10-2014 to 31-10-2014? Where?
        -   DD-MM-YYYY is confusing for Americans
    -   Could the receipts be available as a matching <https://artifactory.tidyclub.com/public/receipts/abcd12345678.pdf> instead of a random 9876543210fe.pdf ?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   TidyClub transactions show:
    -   28 people have paid at the \$72-\$75 monthly rate, bringing in \$2035/month
    -   2 people have paid at the \$43-\$45 monthly rate, subtotal \$2124
    -   Plus AV, total expected \$3474/month
    -   Rolling monthly numbers do show a recent uptick in full paying subscription members since midyear

#### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
    -   Last NM, Halloween \#40: was well attended, stocked up on beer
        -   <https://www.facebook.com/events/855289707822514/>
    -   15 day members at last night's modular synth workshop \#8, went well!
        -   <https://www.facebook.com/events/1554794884750175/>
-   Upcoming
    -   Sat 20141115-12--2100 <http://www.beaufortstreetfestival.com.au/>
        -   DO'M has organised a stall at the BSF 2014 Food & Retail festival
            -   Help wanted - this coming Saturday!
            -   <https://www.facebook.com/events/740480446025144>
            -   Anyone that wants to help staff the stall is welcome
            -   Anyone that wants to display or demonstrate or sell their own items is welcome
            -   Projects and display items at the ready!
            -   Moppy (floppy drive musical instrument) is running on 3 channels, debugging another two
            -   DO'M needs to see how the Arcophone interfaced with the midi keyboard
            -   Nice to include other addressable/RGB/sound/movement/robotic/control based projects. Simple and raw is fine
            -   Power available
            -   Hoping to include some Arduino/Pi/etc. projects to catch attention and generally advertise the space and its capabilities as well as those of the members
    -   Tue 20141125-1930 NoizeMaschin!! \#41 <https://www.facebook.com/events/372713239554087/>
    -   Sat 20141206-midday: Laser training
        -   Next scheduled training day: First Saturday of December, after the 1100 committee meeting

### Previous ACTION Items Status

-   ACTION: MK: CO2 fire extinguisher, forward claim through
    -   Has some new ones, hasn't brought them in yet
-   ACTION: next month review: [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
    -   Postponed until next month
-   ACTION: DO'M: Callout to general membership: list current hosts and new area hosts needed
    -   Done! and signs+wiki updated accordingly
-   ACTION: MK will set up a BTSync area backup to the WAFreenet
    -   Done, to Roleystone, MK can give us a FTP account fo restores
-   ACTION: TG: \$100 repayment towards \[PRD\]'s [never-never](/committee/nevernever)
    -   Transfer made to his account 20141015, arrived next day!
    -   Balance is now \$2258.94
-   ACTION: JD will post re: [REmida](/REmida) to the artifactory-core list
    -   Done! \<crickets\>
    -   JM has updated the wiki accordingly
-   ACTION: JD can write up some bulletpoints re: [tidyspace](/tidyspace), Artist memberships, drama, acid, rain, will need help to formalise, to discuss this month
    -   Name your stuff, otherwise it will be disposed with prejudice. Defer unil next month
-   ACTION: JD: Announce new committee to artifactory-core mailing list
    -   Draft sent to committee list \<crickets\>, still to send
-   ACTION: SM: will get a building surveyor in; TG knows a building inspector; there will be costs involved
    -   The building surveyor wants formal list of recommendations from [CoS\] Health department \* Health guy is yet to respond \* SM sent 2 emails directly to Stirling's Health department; and 2 to Stirling's building compliance department \* ACTION: JD will talk to John Parker re: volunteering to write up a (\[\[http://www.lotterywest.wa.gov.au/\|Lotterywest](/committee/stirling_city_saga)?) grant request
    -   Done! \<crickets\>
-   ACTION: Matteo can do a fire exit quote?
    -   Minimum \$2000? Maximum probably \$3000?
    -   Fundraising event with Door Tickets and Door Prizes?

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

-   INFRASTRUCTURE TSAR
    -   Little red LG500 is not cutting well
        -   TG: crosshair aims missing from plastic tubs?
        -   Maybe Adam can help?
    -   Lasagne in the fridge in a ceramic bowl (NM's tagine?), mouldy bread
        -   People aren't guaranteed space in the fridge
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)

### Agenda Items

-   Problems arising from a specific member's space usage
    -   \[In-camera discussion\]
    -   Problems are acknowledged and addressed for now
    -   Member is still welcome here

### General Business

-   DO'M reports:
    -   Host areas updated and relabelled
    -   snapshot of membership roll added to committee section of wiki
    -   3D printer received, assembled, documented and thank you sent.
-   JD: Laser training
    -   Next scheduled training day: First Saturday of December, 20141206
        -   (after the 1100 committee meeting)
    -   MK has a training template in his shared area
-   The hackerspace is for hacking! We should showcase some of our cool happenings to each other
    -   300 seconds of fame lighting talks!
    -   at Wine&Design re-booted? or fresh gatherings!

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: NB: Can we make another \$108.94 repayment towards towards \[PRD\]'s [never-never](/committee/nevernever) ?
-   ACTION: MK: Bring in CO2 fire extinguisher, forward claim through
-   ACTION: MK: set up a FTP account to the Roleystone WAFreenet BTSync area backup
-   ACTION: next month review: [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
-   ACTION: JD can write up some bulletpoints re: [tidyspace](/tidyspace), Artist memberships, drama, acid, rain, will need help to formalise, to discuss this month.
    -   Main thrust: Name your stuff, otherwise it will be disposed with prejudice
-   ACTION: JD: Announce 2014/15 committee to artifactory-core mailing list
