---
title: 2014-06-07
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:01:20.749Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:22:36.749Z
---

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTION: TimG, auction Barco projectors on Ebay
    -   \~\$400
-   ACTION: BD: Organise a Chimney, we have permission from the owners for whirlybird, etc. installation
-   ACTION: JD: Publicise cashflow problems now
    -   JM: Will draft for JD to distribute
    -   Done!
-   ACTION: MitchK on Tue 20140513: \$45/extinguisher care of Westside Fire Services, will email invoice, Anton
    -   Contacted them 3 weeks ago. May be cheaper to buy new ones
-   ACTION: SKoT: NAB form, new signatories?
-   ACTION: JD: update Google calendar for Geek Haven, there's a FB event
    -   Done!
-   ACTION: WC: Laser keys cutting, sell to operators
    -   Done!
    -   Most certified people should get a key? and update the wiki
-   ACTION: Southen, Davo, Nick: New LDAP on auth.internal.artifactory.org.au
    -   Davo tried switching the wiki to LDAP and was not able to login and reverted the change - trying again next week

### Additional Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JennaDowning DanielHarmsworth MitchKelly ChrisHall SKotMcDonald TimGilchrist AntonyLord WarrenCreemers
-   Apologies: JasonMuirhead BrettDowning DaveO'Meara
-   Absent:

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 12:20
-   Closed: 13:18
-   Next meeting: 20140719-1200, 6 weeks

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted without dissent |
|-------------|--------------------------|
| Moved By    | DanielH                  |
| Seconded By | JennaD                   |

### Correspondence

-   Lotterywest lasercutter grant, final \$525 draw down claim 20140524
    -   Antony Feldhusen visiting at 1pm

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY
-   Incidents?
    -   No deaths or dismemberments this month!

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Things are financially rocky
    -   but lots of friends and connections are in action, PR is good, more members needed!

#### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER
    -   Bank balance is: \$2,307.68, June rent is due?
    -   Subject: May monies
    -   Deficit last month was \$406
    -   \$300+\$400 expenses set aside for Welding Class \#2

#### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP
    -   Approval of New Members

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | DH       |
| Seconded By | JD       |

      * Current Numbers: X full, X concession, X visitor members
      * 12 new visitors
        * We charge 10 times less for lasercutting that WUA Architecture
      * TidyClub - can people pay all outstanding invoices at once
        * No. We can custom invoice on demand if required

#### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
    -   Very small Noizemaschin!! last month
    -   DIY Synth build night: great success. \$250 income! Some music tech types interested in joining
    -   Welding workshop
        -   \#1 Great success!
        -   \#2 Sold out in 4 days!
            -   \$300 for trainer -\> \$400 profit for space
        -   Landcruiser club of WA would like a workshop or two
        -   Probably another basic one, then advanced ones
        -   Adam's enjoying coming here
    -   Artists liason: JennaD went to see Stelarc: Alternative Anatomies Laboratories, more conversations to come with us
    -   Nathan, SKot, AndrewNonlinearC: Neuromusic! Stem Cells
-   Upcoming
    -   Geek Haven on next Thursday, 20140612: Knitting workshop: All welcome, come along!
    -   SKot's going to be away a lot of later this year - will someone stand up for the Noizemaschin!! committee?
        -   Next one 20140617
    -   GSPA, Steampunk at the Museum, 20140906
        -   Dinosaurs!
        -   Could be the last hurrah! Much effort involved
        -   We should make trilobites, dinosaurs, props, proceeds to an Artifactory Toolroom
        -   Should be under our insurance
        -   9 piece steampunk band

### Previous ACTION Items Status

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

-   INFRASTRUCTURE TSAR
    -   Deputy Tsar appointed: MitchKelly
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
-   Mitch fixed the Big Red Lasercutter gas strut!
    -   Reimbursed in TidyClub
    -   All new trainees: You must be gentle with the equipment!
    -   A reminder sticker would be nice
-   Flood lights in carpark need some more attention
-   Some roof cabling has been improved
-   Some roof rust holes have been repaired by us - but some rain is leaking through around the main centre beam!
    -   ACTION: MitchK: email committee with some details so we can contact the landlord
-   AntonyL has Galvins account, we can pick up some more pipe for laser extraction
-   Aircon has been in use - shouldn't be necessary this time of year??
    -   Tell people if you see it happening!
-   JennaD: Potential for cheap Hackervan
    -   Pending checking out the chassis

### Agenda Items

-   Fridge cash theft discovered 20140604 -\> more regular extractions to the safe
    -   \~\$80 in notes, \~\$40 in change, tell AudioVault
-   Expedition to City of Swan, Cornwell House Community Workshops, Midland, Tuesday 20140617-1400
    -   WarrenC's going to their next meeting, more welcome
    -   Rent here is exorbitant
    -   Ready in about 3 years
    -   Heritage building for Country Women's association and commercial kitchen
    -   Plus another new building
        -   Bikes for Humanity, Men's Shed, Machinery Restoration Society - used to be at the Midlands Workshops
    -   \$3 million in funding so far, half way to \$6 million
    -   \$200K funding for business planning: underway
    -   We'd be a great fit as continuous space users
    -   Much better non-commercial rent
    -   Regular Public presence at museum. Artifactory gift shop!
    -   Anton: Old Sunset Retirement Home in Nedlands: 50% Artists and Creative space
-   BD: Completion of the [tidy-space policy](/tidyspace/) infrastructure; Can we have a space called limbo?
    -   Yes! Opposite of the welding bench, between the main rollerdoor and stage
    -   Craft will make way
    -   On a trolley
    -   ACTION: Anton: Has contact, Claude, with cheap storage crates, Middle Swan. We'd like some, please send details through

### General Business

-   Davo: Incident report, all the back doors were left open
    -   People need to close up when leaving the space

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: Anton: Has contact, Claude, with cheap storage crates, Middle Swan. We'd like some, please send details through
-   ACTION: MitchK: email committee with some details about the roof leak so we can contact the landlord
-   ACTION: BD: Organise a Chimney, we have permission from the owners for whirlybird, etc. installation
    -   With piping from Galvins?
-   ACTION: SKoT: NAB form, new signatories?
-   ACTION: Southen, Davo, Nick: New LDAP on auth.internal.artifactory.org.au
    -   Davo tried switching the wiki to LDAP and was not able to login and reverted the change - trying again next week
