---
title: 2015-04-11
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:02:31.568Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:24:19.598Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2015.04.11

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTION: JD: Lemming's visit long weekend: Get some photographers?
    -   No news?
-   ACTION: JD: Start the process to find a new tenant
    -   No news?
-   ACTION: MK will call Sims metal or Instant Waste re: could they leave a scrap metal skip with us to fill?
    -   No news?
-   ACTION: NB: Will fix the GMC: Ryobi parts available for \$5-\$10, seem to fit the GMC
    -   Gottem!
-   ACTION: SM, MK, JD subcommittee to arrange lockers into space
    -   Installed in kitchen. Don't block access to the toilets!
    -   Dumped the old shelves poorly
-   ACTION: AdamF, MK, NB, TG, Rich willing to help prepare/run training/maintenance events
    -   One paid lasercutter event happened
    -   Lathe training in a week?
    -   We want more!

### Additional Agenda Items

-   Art project in the space? can we handle it? can they handle us?
    -   A company picks up the rent for 3 months
        -   Would want to use an office&half the space, near the stage
        -   About 6 people in the space at a time
        -   Midsized making, not full on largescale building
        -   WAMod synth would have to move around the space a bit
        -   ADUG? Needs a few trestle tables/chairs and a projector
        -   NoizeMaschin!! could go offsite for a bit
    -   If it's looking likely, a firm proposal will be coming through soon
-   Noisy recording last Wednesday night
    -   Will ask Ryan to remind bands to be considerate: recording door was open at one point
    -   Some discussion on the list
        -   WC: Thank you for raising it here
            -   We happily provide hearing protection in the tool room \[and at the bar\]. Next time you are uncomfortable please feel free
            -   <http://www.safework.sa.gov.au/uploaded_files/CoPManagingNoisePreventingHearingLossWork.pdf>

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: SM TG NB JS RichHatwell
-   Apologies: JD DOM WC
-   Absent: BD JM

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 1126
-   Closed: Adjourned at 1207 due to noisy rain!
-   Next meeting: 20150509-1100, 4 weeks

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | SM       |
| Seconded By | TG       |

### Correspondence

-   Owed to us by AudioVault
    -   JS: Plan is to mostly move out at end of April, but the Artifactory would like that in writing
    -   SM: Ryan@AudioVault wants to keep on the recording room on his own (not AudioVault); also wants a deskworth of space in the back of the AudioVault office
    -   The Artifactory would like an official written email of AV's intentions

### Property Report

-   ACTION: SM: Ray Barron has called, SM will get him in and Ray will organise the rep from Council's Health department to attend
    -   Pointed out the cracks in the front and rear brick walls near doors
    -   group activity we can do (yay fun!)
    -   Stormwater pump to street is draining backwards again -\> carpark flooding
        -   Need a landlord fix. Runoff should be contained.
    -   ACTION: SM will write to George (owner) to get the brickwork and stormwater pump on their radar again
    -   ACTION: This afternoon! We now have all the extra fire extinguishers, signs (electrical and non-electrical), carpet tape and glow-in-the-dark escape route floor arrows we need for building compliance: Install party?!
    -   Metal outside shed is suitable for flammables storage
        -   and/or ACTION: NB: we buy a 2 door galvanised cupboard with shelves: \$149 at Mitre 10 (Kulin!), SM will contribute

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

#### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER
    -   Last known bank balance: \~\$3500, have not paid April's rent, due on April 15th
    -   Some members are behind, but rates of delinquency are going down
    -   JM: TidyClub should be ready to take recurring payments soon
    -   BR: Swancon's AV hire; lasercutters, etc: have been invoiced, the \~\$415 cheque is (almost) in the mail
    -   Banked \$1000 of space cash
    -   Couple of members are behind but keen to continue
        -   a 3D printer/reprap enthusiast
    -   Should set up a separate account for bonds
-   Insurance should be due now, but no correspondance received, will chase it up

#### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP
    -   Approval of New Members
    -   Current Numbers: X full, X concession, X visitor members

#### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
    -   Blazing Swan
    -   Synth Mod
    -   NoizeMaschin!!
    -   ArduinoU
        -   Couple of new faces!
-   Upcoming
    -   Synth Mod
    -   NoizeMaschin!!
    -   ArduinoU
    -   WAHCKon

### Previous ACTION Items Status

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

-   INFRASTRUCTURE TSAR
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
    -   Rear Courtyard Warden: Annoyance at the shelves dumped out back! Can't move big stuff without help! What else needs cleaning up?
-   SM: New dishwasher due Monday!

### Agenda Items

### General Business

-   Lasercutters relevelled
-   Temporary arcing fix on LC1290 (still arcs occasionally): need a spare part, or cast one out of high dielectric epoxy? or a glass jar?
-   TG forwarded a confidential email for committee notice. Noted.

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: JD: Lemming's visit long weekend: Get some photographers?
-   ACTION: JD: Start the process to find a new tenant
-   ACTION: MK will call Sims metal or Instant Waste re: could they leave a scrap metal skip with us to fill?
-   ACTION: AdamF, MK, NB, TG, Rich willing to help prepare/run training/maintenance events
-   ACTION: SM will write to George (owner) to get the brickwork and stormwater pump on their radar again
-   ACTION: Signs and fire extinguishers going up this afternoon; carpet tape and glow-in-the-dark escape route floor arrows we need for building compliance: Install party?!
-   ACTION: NB: we buy a 2 door galvanised cupboard with shelves: \$149 at Mitre 10 (Kulin!), SM will contribute
