---
title: 2015-06-20
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:02:47.205Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:24:39.471Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2015.06.20

## Agenda

-   TG: Band membership level, for use of the rehearsal room

### Additional Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JD SM TG NB MK
-   Apologies: DOM
-   Absent: WC BD JM JS

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 1345
-   Closed: 1430
-   Next meeting: Sat 20150718-1100, 4 weeks

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | TG       |
| Seconded By | JD       |

### Correspondence

-   SM: Potentially space appearing next to Spacecubed, City of Perth is trying to find creative uses for 40% of the building next door
-   SM: Nothing from City of Stirling

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Previous ACTION: JD: Followup if no response by 20150530 on JM: Jordan: EMAS/Electronic Music Appreciation Society@UWA, knows Ian McIntyre, knows some interested people who could use an office?
    -   EMAS: Has gone elsewhere
    -   Rent for our sppace is negotiable
    -   We have advertised in Artsource's newsletter, Creative Crops, Blazing Swan community deal

### Property Report

-   ACTION: SM will call back George (owner), re: organise a time to inspect the brickwork and drainage
    -   No reply yet
    -   One sparky can't do it, need to contact another
        -   Fire exits, plus write a letter to confirm it
        -   ACTION: SM will chase this up this week by hook or by crook
-   SM: We have a working sound system in band room

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Still need a subtenant, but new individuals are coming in. The potlatch brough a lot of people in!
-   Let's do another? Every month?
    -   Wine and Design alternates? Wed 8th July?
    -   ACTION: SM: Pick a date - to the lists!

#### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER
    -   Last known bank balance \$3,905.55
        -   \$21 short of June's rent
        -   Need those events to plug the gap
    -   Incoming: \$2856.65
    -   Outgoing: \$5774.74
    -   Net: -\$2918.09
    -   Instant Waste, skip costs have halved!
        -   Weight is still being monitored

#### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP
    -   ACTION: TG and DOM will follow that up
    -   Approval of New Members
        -   Richard Harrington (ADUG regular), key bond
    -   Current Numbers: 38 full, 4 concession, 5 active visitor members

#### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
    -   NoizeMaschin!! \#47, Musical May, <https://www.facebook.com/events/580974362044518>
        -   Doing well, been building up
    -   Surfacemount Soldering Workshop Thursday 20150528 <https://www.facebook.com/events/1615133492066814>
        -   Success! 6 presold tickets, 14 showed up on the night
    -   ArduinoU Wednesday 20150603 <https://www.facebook.com/events/1462834690675894>
    -   Potlatch dinner Wednesday 20150610 <https://www.facebook.com/events/1587161821533204>
        -   More to come! Monthly?
    -   ArduinoU Wednesday 20150617 <https://www.facebook.com/events/447833138714606>
-   Upcoming
    -   NoizeMaschin!! \#48, the National Noize Network Tuesday 20150630-1930 <https://www.facebook.com/events/1096949956986120/>
        -   "Las-ers"
    -   Leatherworking workshop: JW, July
        -   People keen to attend, there should be enough knowledge to make it a productive event, could still use someone to host it
        -   ACTION: JD will ask her friend Ash. Charging is fine.
    -   NoizeMaschin!! \#49, 4th birth-a-versary party! Tuesday 20150728-1930 <https://www.facebook.com/events/772766329487585>
    -   NoizeMaschin!! \#50, GOLD EDITION, Tuesday 20150825 <https://www.facebook.com/events/385974154936207>
    -   ADUG: NB, Scott Hollows, Richard Harrington: Monday or Friday, March 2016, full space hire?
        -   Standard day membership would be \$20 a head, we would like a deposit, time needs to allocated for prep and cleanup

### Previous ACTION Items Status

-   ACTION: Training/maintenance events
    -   Previous volunteers to help prepare/run: AdamF, MK, NB, TG, Rich, TG
-   ACTION: DOM: Membership update post-meeting, [memberregister](/committee/restricted/memberregister)
    -   Done! but TG will followup
-   ACTION: JD: Announce Potlatch dinner night Wednesday 20150610-1800, bring a plate
    -   Done! Let's do it again
-   ACTION: MK get into Wordpress and upgrade it
    -   After meeting, NB
-   ACTION: JD to post list: Welding argon refill time, any with outstanding usage contributions
    -   MK: Will pickup Monday

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

-   INFRASTRUCTURE TSAR
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   PeterH: 3D printer is playing up, jamming during the print - is it the blue feedstock?
    -   ACTION: JD: Callout for help
    -   MK: May be able to borrow a replacement

### Agenda Items

### General Business

-   JS (2014/5 OCM) membership has expired.
-   MOTION: SM: That we update the committee list to reflect that

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | SM       |
| Seconded By | TG       |

-   Safety incident: Plunge router finger injury
    -   Relevant safety reminders have now gone to the list
-   Safety incident: Trip hazard on laser material, visitor hit shoulder on electronics bench
    -   Relevant safety reminders have now gone to the list
-   Band Membership
    -   SM and MT have now got this running, they are the booking wranglers for use of the rehearsal room
    -   \$100/month plus free entry to NM!! and WAMod nights
    -   Does not include general Artifactory, but will have a key, a combo deal is possible
        -   Currently waiving the key bond
    -   MOTION: TG: That we create a Band Membership level

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | TG       |
| Seconded By | SM       |

-   Fundraising: WC: \$500 grants from <http://www.smartline.com.au/>

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    Date: Tue, 16 Jun 2015 18:24:42 +0800
    Subject: Re: [artifactory-ctte] Re: Fundraising
    From: The Duckman <the.duckman@gmail.com>
    To: artifactory-committee@googlegroups.com
    Message-ID: <CAFRYd-aptZ80KFSOXvGH734yGzSidTcAbj4NNK_fm5Pz1+iVNg@mail.gmail.com>

-   JD: Lasercutter/3D Printer for maker cafe, Adam@Enkel people are keen
    -   3DStudios may fund a printer
    -   3DStudios could use the Artifactory space for workshops

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: MK,NB get into Wordpress and upgrade it
-   ACTION: MK to pickup a replacement cylinder Monday, we can afford a smaller D size
-   ACTION: SM will chase fire exit sparky work and documentation this week by hook or by crook
-   ACTION: SM: To the lists! Let's pick a date for a more regular potlatch dinner
-   ACTION: TG, DOM: Membership update/check numbers
-   ACTION: JD: Callout for help re: 3D Up!
-   ACTION: JD will ask her friend Ash, re: Leatherworking workshop, JW, July. Charging is fine.
