---
title: Committee Meeting - 2015-12-19
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:03:35.500Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:25:44.243Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2015.12.19

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Stuart McDonald, Tim, Steve, Jean-Michel, Andrew, Dan Browne
-   Apologies: NickB, DO'M, Meg
-   Absent: SKoT
-   Observing: Mitch

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 2:20pm
-   Closed: 3:00pm
-   Next meeting: 9th January 2016, 10:30am.

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Approved |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Stuart   |
| Seconded By | Seconded |

### Correspondence

### Property Report

-   The Space is cleaner and spacier!

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Next month or so - apply for Stirling sustainability grant and a Lotterywest grant for public toilet.

#### Treasurer's Report

-   Balance 20151218: \$6305.13
    -   3\*Instant Waste paid, Rent \$3993 paid already for Dec 2015
-   Quite a few members are failing to pay dues by due date.
-   Bankwest Easy Grant: \$200 Confirmed to be paid any day now.
-   Beaufort Street Festival 20151114 / BSF2015, <https://www.facebook.com/TheBeaufortStreetFestival/> <https://www.facebook.com/events/181294288868472/> : \$593

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Registering with <http://acnc.gov.au/>
    -   Committee members names (only) will be available to the public on the register
    -   We need to update our prospectus
        -   SKoT will get prospectus to StuartM
    -   We'll have to provide a Annual Information Statement annually (We are not required to have the accounts audited)
    -   Register of Cultural Organisations.
        -   StuartM: To be able to receive tax deductible donations (DGR status) we'll need to also register on the Register of Cultural Organisations and there is additional reporting that goes with that. I'm fairly sure we could register as our principal purpose is for the promotion of music, a performing art, a visual art, a craft, design, community arts.

#### Membership Officer Report

-   DO'M: Summary: 32 paid financial memberships. Paid membership is 'up', partial (invoiced but not paid for this current month) is down significantly but I think due to the efforts of the treasurer cleaning up the books.
-   What's the expected membership income for this or last month?
    -   Individual subscription base is: 30\*75 + 14\*45 = \$2880/month

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   3 Full Members with Tool Usage, (manual+auto renew); 3 Active Full(y paid up for this month)
-   30 Full Members; 18 Active Full and 12 Partial Full
-   14 Concession Members; 6 Active Concession and 8 Partial Concession
-   1 Active Studio Member
-   1 Sponsored Member
-   4 Active Visitors
-   2 Band Memberships; 1 Active and 1 Partial
-   1 Active Band/Concession Membership
-   1 Active Tenant; which includes two individual "full" memberships

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   32 paid members
-   Approval of New Members
    -   List members here

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      * 
    * 

#### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
    -   NoizeMaschin!! \#54 Xmas <https://www.facebook.com/events/162315954111343/>

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Upcoming
    -   Tonight! Saturday 20151219-1800: Fundraiser gig for air conditioner. <https://www.facebook.com/events/531621006995901/>
    -   Wine&Design Wednesday 20151223-1930: <https://www.facebook.com/events/528940933947004/>
    -   ArduinoU Wednesday 20151230-1930: <https://www.facebook.com/events/799455266849739/>
    -   Open Day, Saturday 2016-01-09
    -   ADUG(WA) <http://www.adug.org.au/category/meetings/perth/> to continue in 2016
        -   Third Tuesday of the month, but January will be from 2016-01-12 1745
    -   NM!! \#55 Tuesday 20160119-1930: <https://www.facebook.com/events/176131682734733>
    -   Rod wants to run a 3D printing event (via SKoT)
    -   Jason and Steven - cosplay making events. (via SKoT)
    -   MK wants to run a build your own drone event

### Previous ACTION Items Status

-   ACTION: TG to put call out to area hosts. SteveH: elec, DanB: Kitchen, SKoTM: Swarfomat/stage; **Not done**
-   ACTION: StuartM to review prospectus and contact Kool Room to arrange follow-up **unknown**
-   ACTION: NB to contact ADUG(WA) and ask if they're OK with us promoting their event to raise activity profile of the space: Yes, please!
-   ACTION: SKoTM to action ADUG(WA) Promo pending NB's feedback. **Pending NB**
-   ACTION: SKoTM to sort our NM and Space t-shirts **unknown**
-   ACTION: MK to wrangle a new sign
-   ACTION: MK - Air conditioner **Done** Aircon dead. Unit on loan.

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

    * 

### Agenda Items

**1/ Treasurers Items**

-   Proposal to raise laser cutting prices per minute for non-members from 10c to ......
-   Discussion: \$5/10 min - not pro rata. Also the minimum rate for members who are making something for commercial reasons (eg: to sell) M: Tim, S: Tim. Passed without dissent
-   \[StuartM\] Guidance required
    1.  for a WIKI section on Canceling/Suspending Membership
    2.  And those who pay infrequently or who pay when they feel like using the place
-   Do we want to provide a new option instead of cash, i.e. online through [TidyClub](/Tidyclub) / or bank transfers for day membership/laser cutting/drinks. Thus capture those persons who don't have cash and possibly forget.

### General Business

-   DanB - Review rent if Rod still present

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: StuartM to investigate EFTPOS pin pad.
-   ACTION: SKoTM to get prospectus to StuartM for ACNC/Cultural org. registration
-   ACTION: TG to put call out to area hosts. SteveH: elec, DanB: Kitchen, SKoTM: Swarfomat/stage; **Not done**
-   ACTION: SKotM to review prospectus and contact Kool Room to arrange follow-up **unknown**
-   ACTION: SKoTM to action ADUG(WA) Promo pending NB's feedback. **Pending NB**
-   ACTION: SKoTM to sort our NM and Space t-shirts **unknown**
-   ACTION: MK to wrangle a new sign
