---
title: 2015-08-15
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:03:00.517Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:25:00.825Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2015.08.15

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JD SM DO'M Jean-Michel NB TG
-   Apologies: MK
-   Absent: WC BD

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 1130
-   Closed: 1209
-   Next meeting: Saturday 20150912-1100, 4 weeks - an Annual General Meeting to start our seventh year
    -   ACTION: NB: Notification of AGM, nominations

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | JD       |
| Seconded By | DO'M     |

### Correspondence

-   SM:
    -   City of Stirling re: events
    -   DO'M has dropped his contact details with
    -   Visitors from Mirrabooka Library (also in Stirling), Fremantle Museum
    -   Interesting meeting/launch with City of Perth, Environmental and Sustainability department
        -   Planning and sustainability, eco-hub, a city hackerspace?
        -   They want to collect data, pedestrian modelling
        -   Space activiation contacts
-   SM: Form BA18 is the final one for Building Compliance, is what Ray Barron needs
    -   Contractor fee will be coming
-   DO'M: Curtin Robofair 2015
    -   Demo: accessible robots!

### Property Report

-   TG: marked 20150617 in pink pen, SM reported exterior building cracks to owner

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   JD: re Property: Dan Browne who builds the big props wants to rent the front room
    -   Yes, come on in
    -   ACTION: TG will start invoices
-   SM: Front carpark busybee is due
-   Courtyard work: Tested successfully with some heavy rain since

#### Treasurer's Report

-   Last known bank balance \$1,688.71.
-   Rent, bills for July 2015 paid. Phew.
-   This months Rent and one skip empty not yet paid.
    -   Instant Waste send overlapping invoices and account usage notifications, unclear
-   Paypal acount: need credentials: SM or DH?

#### Membership Officer Report

-   Approval of New Members

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **3 Full Members with Tool Usage** (manual+auto renew) being 2 Active Full and 1 Partial Full
-   **33 Full Members** being 25 Active Full and 8 Partial Full
-   **6 Concession Members** being 1 Active Concession and 5 Partial Concession
-   **0 Studio Members**
-   **1 Sponsored Member** - 1 Active
-   **6 Active Visitors**
-   **3 Band Membership** - 2 Active and 1 Partial

#### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
    -   Cracker of a NoizeMaschin!! birthaversary
        -   September Wednesday in Mandurah
        -   Tuesday could happen as well, A/B event
    -   DIY Modular Synth
    -   JD: Presented at Vic Park SOUP!
        -   There are \$500 seed funding grants from soup night sales, pitch your idea, vote
        -   SM/DO'M/TG we could run one!
-   Upcoming
    -   DO'M: Stirling Robot-arm workshop Sat 20150829-1000
    -   DO'M: Beaufort Street Festival, Saturday 20151114: Sales! DO'M will pay for stall
        -   TG: Us the space's acrylic in the office
        -   TG: T-Shirts
        -   JD: Orrey design
        -   SM: Valves!

### Previous ACTION Items Status

-   City of Stirling - elec works + other fix forms submitted \[SM\], working with Ray Barron

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)
-   Red ticketing has been underway, please help the magic cleaning fairy!

### Agenda Items

-   AGM Planning, next committee prep \[SM\]
-   New Computers languishing \[SM\]
    -   ACTION: SM: PCs in office/CAD need imaging
-   Desperate need for more events, promotion, committee steerage \[SM\]
-   Final push to clear carpark \[SM\]
-   Over abundance of underutilized storage actually hindering useful areas \[SM\]
    -   Shelves near lasercutter
    -   Next weekend busybee Sat 20151122 (week before workshop)

### General Business

-   DO'M: 3D printer from Govhack has not re-appeared despite queries
-   JD: Need 1.75mm filament for the Up! 3D, will get some from Fremantle

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: TG will start invoices to Dan Browne, JD will contact, Cc: TG. Signup in Tidyclub and needs a key
    -   Rich as looking for a key, contacted James at AudioVault
    -   SM: Updating lock on sliding door, music room
-   ACTION: SM: New Computers languishing: PCs in office/CAD need imaging
-   ACTION: NB: Notification of AGM, nominations
