---
title: 2015-01-31
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:02:18.391Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:23:58.982Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2015.01.31

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTION: TG: Check if we have some cashflow for a repayment towards towards \[PRD\]'s [never-never](/committee/nevernever): maybe \$58.94 ?
    -   Membership renewals for January not reconciled yet, but no, probably not this month
-   ACTION: MK: Bringing in CO2 fire extinguisher 20141207, forward claim through, get inspection for tagging them (expected cost: \$110 callout, \$25/extinguisher)
    -   Done! No reimbursement required - thank you!
    -   There are 4 little brand new ones
        -   Receipt in the office filing cabinet, "CASH" written on top
-   ACTION: MK: send the login details through 20141207, re: FTP account to the Roleystone WAFreenet BTSync area backup
    -   TODO
-   ACTION: JD can write up some bulletpoints re: [tidyspace](/tidyspace), Artist memberships, drama, acid, rain, will need help to formalise, to discuss this month.
    -   Main thrust: Name your stuff, otherwise it will be disposed with prejudice
-   ACTION: JD: Announce 2014/15 committee to artifactory-core mailing list
    -   Done
-   ACTION: TG&SM: to set up WC as second sponsored member
    -   Paying quarterly
-   ACTION: TG to invoice: MK would like to renew at the corporate-sponsored \$1200pa for December
-   ACTION: TG will chase up with WC re: CHCW, we expect a \$250 request, which may turn into a Lotterywest grant
-   ACTION: WC leading the charge to write a first round project plan? Help needed? What next actions required?
    -   JD: donated \$250 for CHCW startup dues - thank you!
    -   Multi-stage funding:
        -   Raise some money
            -   We can offer day? memberships now and discount 3 month memberships for membership at the CHCW venue?
            -   Arduino kits?
            -   Can we get some sponsored Maker books or magazines
            -   Welding workshop
            -   CNC/Laser house numbers
        -   Go to Lotterywest to leverage that with a grant
        -   Some assets and land maintenance are being offered by the members and council

### Additional Agenda Items

-   LC1290 "Big Red" has been out since 20141212, dead HV PSU
    -   Repaired and levelled 20150109!
    -   It's now running on stepped-down 220V power as of 20150115 and the bed re-levelled on 20150117
    -   Mad props to Adam, Doug, Steve, Bastian, Darryl Browning, Justin Richards, Nathan Thompson, Christopher Hall...
    -   Order from <http://wklaser.com/> via Adam Fiannaca, arrived
        -   LC1290 replacement power supply HV PSU for 150W laser tube, USD\$410
        -   LC1290 replacement belts, USD\$110 - two small loops, one large loop, one large cut-to-length belt
        -   LC1290 focus lens - 20mm diameter x 63.5mm focal length, USD\$50
        -   DHL Shipping about USD\$110?
            -   Left Monday 20150105-1746 SHANDONG PROVINCE - CHINA, PEOPLES REPUBLIC
            -   Via Hong Kong, arrived and cleared Perth Customs on Wednesday
            -   Delivery possible from Thursday 20150108-1245!
        -   USD \$680?
        -   Total: AUD \$830, was paid to Adam's account
    -   Ready to install the HV PSU when it arrives?
        -   Artifactory laser experts and wannabe-experts: clean the LC1290
            -   Both the machines need regular cleaning/maintenance
            -   cleaning the bed
            -   inspecting/cleaning the mirrors, the lens
            -   check the belts for the alleged damage
            -   extraction declogging
            -   the laser tube and the wiring has a layer of dust
        -   Check mains voltages - the circuit for the laser area seems to be a few volts higher than the rest
            -   Probably still within <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AS/NZS_3112#Voltage> specs though, 253V or less, 99% of the time
            -   Autotransformer installed, to step it down from 253V to 232V (aiming for 220V nominal), 10A maximum - thank you Steve and Doug!

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JM WC NB MK ChrisHall
    -   JS stopped by briefly - will subscribe to the Google calendar
    -   welcome back Daniel!
-   Apologies: JD BD SM TG
-   Absent: DO'M

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: OPEN (No quorum) 1130
-   Closed: CLOSE
-   Next meeting: Sat 20150228-1100, 4 weeks
    -   Bring it forward if agreed by Committee

### Minutes of previous meeting

[committee_meeting_2014.12.06](/committee/committee_meeting_2014.12.06)

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER          |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER       |

### Correspondence

-   Instant Waste: Prices will be rising, as State Government prices for landfill have risen by 100-500%

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

#### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER
    -   Last known bank balance

#### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP
    -   Approval of New Members
    -   Current Numbers: X full, X concession, X visitor members

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   One member is on hold for the month of February, but has back dues

#### Events Officer Report

-   Previous
-   Upcoming
    -   WC: Curry night is due! March?

### Previous ACTION Items Status

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

-   INFRASTRUCTURE TSAR
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)

#### CHCW Update

### Agenda Items

-   [Stirling City](Stirling City Saga) TODO status for RC rated capacity number:
    -   exit light needs illuminating (battery replaced?) - design is fine
    -   "No Egress" signs over both rear doors, as they only go to a closed courtyard
        -   Can be bought from RSEA, Orrong Rd, Welshpool
        -   50 Pilbara St, corner Orrong Road
    -   fire extinguishers
        -   The new ones should be good for a year
        -   Receipt in the office filing cabinet, "CASH" written on top
        -   Old ones needed retagging
    -   carpet edges need to be pinned down in some way so as not to be a trip hazard
    -   spray paints and flammables into metal cabinet
    -   ...then an formal survey by Ray Barron (\~\$1000), then submitted to council

### General Business

-   Perspex needed: WC will do a run for to Mulford's
    -   About \$10/cut? Haggle! Every time we bring it up, they give us a discount

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Storage:
    -   Plastic tubs? every subscription member is entitled to one, replacing lockers?
    -   free up metal locker for flammables/spray paints
    -   Crowdfunding: lockable small drawers for jewellery
        -   \$179 <http://www.mclernons.com.au/cgi-bin/office-furniture.cgi?product=Personnel_Lockers_Range&pid=1465&from_category_store=&back_link_type=keywords&back_link_value=locker>

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Training of lasercutters is overbureaucratic
    -   Streamline!
    -   Operator responsibility:
        -   Cleaning & maintenance, leave it better than you found it
        -   Full cleaning weekly/fortnightly
    -   Trainer responsibility:
        -   Bring up the next generation of trainers

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   ACTION: MK: send the login details through 20141207, re: FTP account to the Roleystone WAFreenet BTSync area backup
    -   TODO
