---
title: Committee Meeting - 2016-02-13
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:03:53.727Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:26:07.413Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2016.02.13

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

##### Carried over

-   ACTION: Stuart to investigate EFTPOS pin pad. **COMPLETED**
-   ACTION: SKoT to get prospectus to StuartM for ACNC/Cultural org. registration **Not done**
-   ACTION: SkotM to review prospectus and contact Kool Room to arrange follow-up **Not Done**
-   ACTION: SKoTM to sort our NM and Space t-shirts **Not done**
-   ACTION: MK to wrangle a new sign **Not Done**
-   ACTION: Stuart to add wiki section on How to cancel/suspend membership. **COMPLETED**
-   ACTION: Registering ACNC - **Ongoing**
-   ACTION: SKoT - Solar Panels **Not done**

##### Current

-   ACTION: NickB to order laser spares. **DONE**
-   ACTION: MegT to order band room air conditioner. **DONE**
-   ACTION: MitchK to get quote for security cables. **DONE**\*
-   ACTION: SkotM to replace office door lock **COMPLETED**
-   ACTION: StuartM to wrangle potential sponsors for website. **NOT DONE**

### Additional Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: SkotM StuartM NickB MegT TimG DaveO, Jean-michel
-   Apologies:AndrewE SteveH
-   Absent: DnanB
-   Observing MitchK

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:10
-   Closed: 12:45
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING, 4 weeks 12th March 11:00AM

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | StuartM  |
| Seconded By | NickB    |

### Correspondence

-   Stiring Grant - Striling would like justification on people hours
-   WA Museum - Hackathon involving high school kids + makers .
-   CSIRO would like to hold an event. DaveO wrangling
-   Cornwall House - They have a business plan showing it can be sustainable. They are going to present it to council Wednesday 24th Feb at 9:00AM **ACTION: NickB to attend**
-   Swancon have offered us a table

### Property Report

-   (SkotM) Dan wants to fix kitchen area plumbing, adding extra taps
-   JM - we had rain, and the back drain seemed to be blocked.
-   Cracks getting bigger? - **Action** NickB to quantify after meeting.

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Stirling grant thing - Have been away, will follow up soon.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

#### Treasurer's Report

    *Last known bank balance $8541.66 - 11/02/2016
    *:( Members are NOT paying promptly :(
    *Bond Value - $5615 up from $4965.00 - 11/02/16
    *TidyClub/Stripe payments yet to hit NAB account at 11/02/16: $312.03
    *March 2016 Lease $3993 to be Paid 29/02/16  
    *All other usually outgoings paid (Instant Waste, Vivid Wireless, BOC gases, Synergy
    *Timg - Suspensiions should be committee **approved**. SkotM "Reapplication" fee. Technical solution: Poll tidyclib Ping member the week their membership has expired. **Action: Refer to it Subcommittee**

EFTPOS

-   Decided on NAB
-   Costs \$40 per month, No cost on the first \$1500 put through, 1.5% on ALL transactions after that.(EFTPOS not treated differently.
-   No Cash out
-   Accepts (Visa/MasterCard/UnionPay/EFTPOS)
-   No minimum transaction amount
-   Currently Awaiting Terminal - 16/2 Delivery to my home - Application sent 20/01/2016, NAB gave verbal approval 01/02, Approval doc.s received 10/02. Delivery date advised 16/02. We must use the terminal prior to 29/02 to accept NAB's offer of the terminal.

Equipment Expenses - Committee Approved

      * From $1700 recommended available for spending on 01/01/16
      * SPENT - New Door Lock $226, Band Room AC $589, Laser Parts $268
      * TO BE SPENT - Cabling/Tools for electronic work bench ~$227, Drop Saw ~$400
      * No further funds for equipment are available at this point. Hopefully come next meeting.

#### Membership Officer Report

-   Open days a huge success
-   MEMBERSHIP
    -   Approval of New Members

Michael Grau-CONCESSION, Jessica Mooney-CONCESSION, Daniel Sonnabend-CONCESSION, Luke Brooks-FULL, Hugh Frazer-FULL, Stefan Elliott-FULL, Alex Crook-CONCESSION, Stephen Hicks-FULL, William Blakers-FULL, Ryan Coleman-FULL, Crow Jones-BAND, The Jump Doubles-BAND, Modular Man-BAND

      * Members Ceasing
      - Iwona Boreback, Jennifer Wyatt, Nathan Thompson - Moving to day rates
      - Mike Handley - Membership Terminated 3 month rule
      - Warren Creamers(APRIL), Bradley Parkin - Moving Away
    * 2 Full Members with Tool Usage,
    * 35-30 Full Members;
    * 15-10 Concession Members;
    * 1 Studio Member
    * 1 Sponsored Member
    * 1 Active Band/Concession Membership
    * 1 Active Tenant; which includes two individual "full" memberships
    * 6 Bands (7th coming....Modular Man) 1 which is Band/Concession Membership

#### Events Officer Report

-   Previous:
    -   Noizemaschin pertheand Mandurah.
    -   WAMOD (15 non-members broguht in \$150).
    -   Open day
    -   Arduino U
    -   Heathcote market stall - Promo success. Sold 50% of stock. broke even. remainder stock for next time
    -   Drum and bass night (30 punters). **Post Mortem after meeting**
-   Upcoming
    -   Biohack next weeken 20th.. Topic; making arduino gadgets etc. Group have connections into the Uni's, for collecting interesting gear.
    -   3D printing night and spanish music night **Ation: SKoT to follow up with Rod to make sure it's on**
    -   CSIRO ICT gathering 18th. **Action: DaveO to wrangle**

### Previous ACTION Items Status

STUART'S

-   EFTPOS - See Treasurer's Report
-   Website Advertising - Website repairs first - Clarification of what ADs - Google ADs
-   How to cancel/suspend membership on WIKI - Done

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

-   MK: Fridge broken. StuartM - not broken, cans pushed against back, restricting airflow. **Action: NickB to implement clever solution.**
-   Dan will supply a new bandsaw, with an induction before use.
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)

#### Tool maintenance subcommittee

Group to coordinate maintenance of heavy tools **Action: NickB to set up mailing list artifactory-tools**

### Agenda Items

\* Website in need of major fixing - Who can fix. (Calendar has disappeared, BitCoin and PayPal need removing) **Action: TimG to run with JekyllRB in conjunction with IT subcommittee** \* Western Wall Shelving - Move to left of stage during Wine & Design on wed. \* MitckK suggests we enforce drop sheets when using resins etc. **Action: Skot to post out to list** \* Large Objects taking up space - Buggy and bike have gone!!! \* Identity for security. How can we help members identify members/non-members who enter the space. Names on the Wiki, Photo board.

**Action: MitchK to investigate Officeworks printing ID cards. RFID?** \*\*Action: SkoT to review membership lists

### General Business

Laser access **Action: Laser subcommittee to Install manual keys in a race with RFID guys**

### ACTION Items Resulting
