---
title: Committee Meeting - 2016-07-09
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:04:39.664Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:27:08.431Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2016.07.09

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTION: SKOT to get prospectus together for ACNC/Cultural org. registration **Stu/Lemming to take on**
-   ACTION: SKOT to post out post out process for reporting dangerous things **Mitch To take on**
-   ACTION: SKOT removing people from the space. **Mitch/Lemming**
-   ACTION: Nick to post to list about resin, paints etc on workbenches, and the importance of using drop sheets.
-   ACTION: Someone to investigate officeworks printing of (RFID?) membership cards. **ON HOLD**
-   ACTION: StuartM - Plan to remove lockers and replaced with tubs. **Move to infrasture meeting**
-   ACTION: SKoT to contact RGL \* We can apply for a Permanent Liquor License as “Restricted Club” \~ \$400. RGL may be have veto over our constitution, SKoT to contact RGL and determine exact requirements SkotM: We should secure lease/talk to Landlord. **ON HOLD**
-   ACTION: Check bearing on little red's extraction fan. **all done and ok**
-   ACTION: Lemming n Steve Interlocks etc **continues.**
-   DaveO reports non approved plastics Action: Do-not-cut Sign above laser cutters - **Steve New Sign**
-   DaveO refer to IT subcommitte for technical solution to pinging members before their membership expires **Not done**
-   ACTION: SKoT to call for Security subcommttee meeting "Lemming, Mitch, Steve, Nick to take on"
-   ACTION: NickB to update wiki with List of subcommittes and mailing lists. \*\* Not Done \*\*
-   ACTION: Steve to add his LSO status to the wiki page **DONE**

#### Action items resulting from Last meeting

\* Action: Lemmming/NickB/JMM/MitchK to attend Joondalup Kalidescope festival information session. **DONE: Some members take on**

-   Action: Stu to offer them this and next evening, with a post out to -core. Monitor any conflict with other users of the space **Done**
-   Action: MitchK to take window installation plans/options to Infrastructure committee **NOW GOING THROUGH THE ROOF SUBJECT TO LEASE**
-   Action: SteveH/MitchK/NickB to implement a lighting solution. (Ongoing Infrastructure)
-   Action: MitchK to create and deploy a sign/instructions for use of loaned generator with carpark pump.**Flood Drill after the meeting**
-   Action: TimG to create FB events for next month.
-   Action: NickB/MitchK to arrange IT Purchases **Done**
-   Action: MitchK to insert laser subcommittee report
-   Action NickB to insert IT subcommittee report
-   Action: StuartM to insert Infrastructure subcommttee report
-   Action: TimG to post reminder to list that regular event bookings are on calendar.
-   Action: SteveH to make sign reminding users about regular events directing them to calendar. **example approved**

### Additional Agenda Items

1.  Shed Location?
2.  AndrewE has 3 Sale shade posts
3.  Add bond for key/RFID tags for band membership. Currently \$0. Propose \$200. Objective is to get keys back quicker after cancelling membership. (STU)
4.  Standard pricing for non-commercial events is usually \$10 per person up to a maximum of \$150. Review pricing. Factors to consider are if tool usage is required, objection to noise, space requirements, time of day.
    1.  Treasurer proposal (would affect Ardunio U nights but not DIY Synth)
        1.  for groups that don't mind noise and non-commercial
        2.  or interfere with the general working of the place or take it over
        3.  don't use the tools
        4.  \$5 a head.
        5.  Result in hopefully more members.
5.  Should we have a First aid kit in tool room?
6.  Electronic Door Strike \$232.87 - Purchased by Stuart to replace the broken one like for like. Approve the expense or approve Stuart's offer of only \$60 given cheaper different makes at Altronics.
7.  Any other expenses members would like to attempt to claim for reimbursement?
8.  Band saw blades
9.  Laser
    1.  Big Red re-pricing for use? Up \$0.10 minute
    2.  Funding

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        -Donations
        -Offer from G.Martin Lock Room deal,  "promotion to Artifactory members with friends to get them to come to Realmz Escape Game and I will donate 50% of all proceeds to Big Red. Its normally $35 per person, max of 5 people per group. I could offer it at a discount price also."
    - Grant and GST - Need to be registered for GST for Grants $20K+ for lotterywest.
    - Register Laser Cutters???? 
      - are our machines registered with the Radiological Council of WA?
      - do you want me to go to the effort of becoming registered with the Radiological council of WA?
    - Sound Equipment Replaced in the robbery $2705.  $1500 received from SwanCon+Several NM! $ to repay Skot.  Given laser issues can't pay Skot. Proposal - All future Noizemaschin!! $ to sound equipment until paid off + donations.  

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Nick, Lemming, Steve, Stu, Andrew
-   Observing: Justin, Ross, James
-   Apologies: Skot, David O
-   Absent: Meg, Rich, J-M

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: OPEN 11am
-   Closed: CLOSE 1pm
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING, 13/08 11am

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Lemming  |
| Seconded By | Stu      |

### Correspondence

-   ECU (Student group) - Joel Birch - seeing us today about event proposal. **LEMMING**
-   SPARK Co Lab(Student group) Dan Arthur - Monday 05/09 5-8pm for a medical device prototyping course. **STUART/LEMMING**

### Property Report

-   Property discussions: We have proposed a 6month rent free period and a 5 year lease, and preserving the current rent. This equates to a 10% reduction, but front loads us with the cash to improve the space to make it more viable in the long term. I remain in two minds about this - ideally given more energy and time, I think we should be trying to find a larger space for less dosh with better access to public transport, possibly more central. With the current downturn in the economy and the govt making noises about supporting innovation, and our previously approved Lottery West status, I'm almost sure there is a one-or-two year path that would set us up with a semi-peppercorn lease on a govt or council building, or possibly even owning something outright. So, if Don & George come back with a "Denied", I suggest we take that as a possibly good thing - let's negotiate a 1 year continuation or better a 6month notice period with rolling terms, and commence the hunt for a permanent home, ASSUMING that people-not-me think that they have the energy to do so. It's definitely easier to just accept the current place than face a huge move. If Don accepts (and no doubt will be very grumpy about it, given the flexibility he's shown to us when our finances were a bit off in past years), please look around at each other, take a deep breath and say - are we really wanting to commit to a long lease at the current place? I don't think it would be an issue to break off or sublease if something stunning and peppercorny came up.

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Apologies for my increasing absence, both physically and online. Work is drawing me away big time, and for the next 18 months at least I'm going to have greatly reduced sustainable Artifactory involvment. I am handing over Events to Stuart - thanks Stu for volunteering, if someone else can step up and take that on as Stu is already heavily loaded as Treasurer, that would be fabulous.
-   AGM - planning for this needs to start soon. I will not be continuing as a committee member, apologies. (see bullet point one). Pre-AGM / next meeting - there is a chance I will be departing in early August, and will be seeing my folks the July 31 weekend in Busselton before I head off, so again unreliable Chairman.
-   laser cutters & NM equipment cash - I feel we need to do a little juggling of accounts. SwanCon & NM patrons have handed over cash to support the purchase of the new sound system, and we need to honour that. So I suggest that Artifactory purchases the amplifiers I got with the cash we have accumulated for that purpose, but if funds are needed for laser tube, I can float some (all?) of the cash back immediately. I am happy "owning" the new digital mixer for a longer period (ie, not invoicing. price \~\$1200). This means we can look swanCon and NM patrons in the eye and say their cash was used for the purpose they thought it was going to.
-   general: more cleaning, more reduction of visual clutter & wiring mess! Use those vacuums! :)

#### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER

|                         | 30/06/2016     | 31/05/2016    |
|:-----------------------:|----------------|---------------|
|       NAB Balance       | \$9480.02      | \$6840.74     |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$806.07       | \$719.17      |
|         Balance         | **\$10286.09** | **\$7559.91** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds    |
|----------------------|
| Estimated Bond Value |
| For Insurance 17/18  |
| Laser Tubes          |
| Sound Equipment      |
| DESIRED BALANCE      |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 8 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$4620     | \$4734          |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/drinks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$2922     | \$1071          |
| Grants/Prizes                                                   | \$0        | \$224           |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$7542** | **\$6029**      |

\^

| EXPENSES                               |             |             |
|----------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease (Paid due date for coming month) | -\$3993     |   -\$3993   |
| Electricity                            | -\$316      |   -\$441    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies        | -\$195      |   -\$291    |
| Insurance (12 month average)           | -\$0        |   -\$158    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                    | -\$121      |   -\$108    |
| Merchant Fees                          | -\$40       |    -\$40    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equipment)   | **-\$4665** | **-\$5031** |

\^

| Equipment Purchases\* | \- \$526.84 | \- \$410.06 |
|-----------------------|-------------|-------------|

\*26 Chairs \$40, Router \$110, Welding Bits for Security \$7.90, 15AMP cord+Cable clamps4lights \$35.37 3 Trestles \$125.47 HDrive \$109 (Need receipt), Vacuum \$99

Major Events/Other (Past Month)

    *Noizemaschin ~$335, 
    *Taiko On $350
    *Flatpack $120 - paid July
    *ADUG (June) $138, also paid $141 (April) $118 (May)
    *Swancon 2017/18 - $1200 - Paid 01/06

Money Due (08/07)

    *Membership - ~$4500 (Up 1k on last month but ok)
    *Bond - $135

Treasurer Cancelled Membership - addam eid

#### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP (08/07)
    -   Approval of New Members - Conc = , Full = Luis Vallejo, \*\*ADD TO NEXT MONTH - NOT DISCUSSED \*\*

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   1 (0) Full Members with Tool Usage,
-   33 (-4) Full Members;
-   16 (0) Concession Memberships;
-   0 (0) Studio Memberships
-   1 (0) Annual Sponsored Memberships
-   1 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   4 (-1) Band Memberships

#### Events Officer Report

Skot to step down from events officer position. Proposal "Stuart/Tim offers to take place."

-   Previous

(SKOT) NoizeMaschin!! - I have made backups of recordings to my personal RAID of NM57,58, 59, 60. Thanks to Jean Michel for editing 57.

-   Upcoming

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      -Usual NM!, DIY Synth, ADUG, 
    * Event Ownership - ie make a particular member(s) responsible for organizing events or liasing for a particular non-member group.  So they are better organised
      * Open Day - Steve
      * Arduino U - Tim
      * Noizemaschin!! - Stuart/Tim/Meg/J-M
      * ADUG - Nick/Richard Harrington
      * DIY Synth - Tim/Steve

### Previous ACTION Items Status

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### Infrastructure Report

-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)

##### Action items from previous Infrastructre meeting

\* Spend for new laser head assembly for big red (Lemming to arrange price).

### Agenda Items

1.  Shed Location? - **Back corner agreed**
2.  3 Sale shade posts - **AndrewE to provide**
3.  Add bond for key/RFID tags for band membership. Currently \$0. Propose \$200. Objective is to get keys back quicker after cancelling membership. (STU) \*\* BAND BOND ONE MONTH FOR NEW BANDS\*\*
4.  Standard pricing for non-commercial events is usually \$10 per person up to a maximum of \$150. Review pricing. Factors to consider are if tool usage is required, objection to noise, space requirements, time of day. Treasurer proposal (would affect Ardunio U nights but not DIY Synth)
    1.  for groups that don't mind noise and non-commercial
    2.  or interfere with the general working of the place or take it over
    3.  don't use the tools
    4.  \$5 a head.
    5.  Result in hopefully more members.
    6.  **(Guidelines \$5 per head for student/concession group/tool/use of the space ORGANISED EVENTS - WIKI**
5.  Should we have a First aid kit in tool room? **YES \$200 kit - JASON TO BE ASKED TO MAKE**
6.  Electronic Door Strike \$232.87 - Purchased by Stuart to replace the broken one like for like. Approve the expense or approve Stuart's offer of only \$60 given cheaper different makes at Altronics. **approved in totally**
7.  Any other expenses members would like to attempt to claim for reimbursement? **Approved Welding Bits \$50 MITCH + Current tank to be refilled**
8.  Band saw blades **\$80 blades - Approved Lemming**
9.  Laser **Mitch to find out life lasted of old tube**
    1.  Big Red re-pricing for use? Up \$0.10 minute **\$0.20 per minute approved for member**
    2.  **Approved replacement for big + spare for little 3.2K budget. Mitch arrange**
    3.  Funding

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        -Donations **Stu to email group**
        -Offer from G.Martin Lock Room deal,  "promotion to Artifactory members with friends to get them to come to Realmz Escape Game and I will donate 50% of all proceeds to Big Red. Its normally $35 per person, max of 5 people per group. I could offer it at a discount price also."  **STU to followup**
    - Grant and GST - Need to be registered for GST for Grants $20K+ for lotterywest.  **NOTED**
    - Register Laser Cutters????  are our machines registered with the Radiological Council of WA? **yes D.Harmworth probably has it** Steve asks do you want me to go to the effort of becoming registered with the Radiological council of WA? **(YES) STEVE TO DO THESE THINGS**
    - Sound Equipment Replaced in the robbery $2705.  $1500 received from SwanCon+Several NM! $ to repay Skot.  Given laser issues can't pay Skot. Proposal - All future Noizemaschin!! $ to sound equipment until paid off + donations.  **approved**

### General Business

-   None

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   Action: MITCH to arrange replacement tubes for big red + a spare for little red. 3.2K budget.
-   Action: MITCH to findout what was the life of the old tube
-   Action: LEMMING \$200 budget for swarf-o-mat enclosure
-   Action: STEVE to arrange group acrylic order
-   Action: More cameras add to next months agenda
-   Action: GROUP Flood Drill after meeting
-   Action: STEVE to investigate whether our machines registered with the Radiological Council of WA? *yes D.Harmworth probably has it* And Steve to go to the effort of becoming registered with the Radiological council of WA?
-   Action: STUART to Arrange Laser Donations / Advise group on big red repricing
-   Action: SOMEONE Adjust big pricing signage
-   Action: LEMMING ECU (Student group) - Joel Birch - seeing us today about event proposal.
-   Action: STUART/LEMMING - SPARK Co Lab(Student group) Dan Arthur - Monday 05/09 5-8pm for a medical device prototyping course.
-   Action: NICK B to add his LSO status to the wiki page
-   Action: STUART - Update WIKI on Events Officers and Coordinators/Big re-pricing/Event pricing guidelines/Band Room Bond
-   Action: ANDREWE to donate three shade sale posts
-   Action: GROUP build a shed post lease negoitations
-   Action: LEMMING - Buy bandsaw blades \$80 budget
-   Action: MITCH - Arrange welding tank re-fill
-   Action: STUART - ask Jason K to make another first aid box for the tool room.
-   Action: ? - purchase new first aid kit \~\$209 spend

### ONGOING ACTION Items

-   Action: STU/LEMMING to get prospectus together for ACNC/Cultural org. registration
-   Action: MITCH to post out post out process for reporting dangerous things
-   Action: MITCH/LEMMING removing people from the space procedure.
-   Action: NICK to post to list about resin, paints etc on workbenches, and the importance of using drop sheets.
-   Action: Someone to investigate officeworks printing of (RFID?) membership cards.
-   Action: SKOT to contact RGL \* We can apply for a Permanent Liquor License as “Restricted Club” \~ \$400. RGL may be have veto over our constitution, SKoT to contact RGL and determine exact requirements SkotM: We should secure lease/talk to Landlord.
-   Action: LEMMING n STEVE Interlocks etc continues.
-   Action: STEVE to make new Sign reports approved laser materials
-   Action: DAVEO refer to IT subcommitte for technical solution to pinging members before their membership expires
-   Action: NICKB to update wiki with List of subcommittes and mailing lists.
-   Action: TIMG to create FB events for next month.
-   Action: MITCHK to insert laser subcommittee report
-   Action: NICKB to insert IT subcommittee report
-   Action: STUARTM to insert Infrastructure subcommttee report
-   Action: TIMG to post reminder to list that regular event bookings are on calendar.
-   Action: LEMMING to arrange price for new laser head assembly for big red.
