---
title: Committee Meeting - 2016-03-12
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:04:02.613Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:26:19.156Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2016.03.12

## Agenda

### Previous Action Items

-   ACTION: SKoT to get prospectus to StuartM for ACNC/Cultural org. registration **Ongoing**
-   ACTION: SkotM to review prospectus and contact Kool Room to arrange follow-up **Not going ahead**
-   ACTION: SKoTM to sort our NM and Space t-shirts **Not Done - handed to StuartM**
-   ACTION: MK to wrangle a new sign **Ongoing - MitchK to get a cost to Treasurer, and vector files to sign maker**
-   ACTION: SKoT - Solar Panels **Not Done**

##### Current

-   NickB to attend cornwall house council presentation. **Done. Project continues, next meeting this coming tuesda 15th @2PM. NickB would like others to attend too**
-   NickB to quantify whether cracks are getting bigger. **Done - they're not**
-   TimG refer to IT subcommitte for technical solution to pinging members before their membership expires **Not done, DaveO taken on**
-   TimG to investigate Jekyll as a tool for replacing wordpress site with a static one. **Ongoing - wordpress converter reasonable success**
-   SKoTM to follow up with Rod re spanish music night **No news from Rod**
-   NickB to implement clever fridge hack to stop cans freezing **Done by StuartM**
-   SKotM to post to list about resin, paints etc on workbenches, and the importance of using drop sheets. **Not Done**
-   MitckK to investigate officeworks printing of (RFID?) membership cards **Not Done**
-   SKotM to review membership list. **Not Done (But ongoning)**
-   StuartM to wrangle potential sponsors for website. (See agenda) **Done**

### Additional Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: SKoTM StuartM TimG SteveH JeanMichelM DavidO NickB
-   Observing: BrettD Lemming MitchK JimM
-   Apologies:
-   Absent: MegT (Fill in rest?)

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:15
-   Closed: 12:57
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING, n weeks

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | StuartM  |
| Seconded By | SteveH   |

### Correspondence

-   Australian Design Festival want to have an event about the glories of flat-pack tech. [SKoT](SKoT)
-   Rockingham Council would like a tour re them setting up a local hackerspace doeen there.
-   Informal chat with RTR, re hand-me-d
-   own post their LotteriesWest grant.
-   **No communication from police** re burglary.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

### Property Report

-   Nil

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   No leads on burglru but all is fine.

#### Treasurer's Report

|                      | 29/02/2016 | 31/01/2016 |
|----------------------|------------|------------|
| NAB Balance          | \$6539.58  | \$5819.50  |
| Estimated Bond Value | \$5750     | \$5390     |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 4 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------|
| Membership/Office Rent/Band Room                                | \$4803     | \$4730          |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/drinks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$835      | \$1045          |
| Total (Excluding Equipment)                                     | **\$5638** | **\$5775**      |

| EXPENSES                        | Last Month  | 4 Month Average |
|---------------------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Lease                           | -\$3993     | -\$3993         |
| Electricity                     | -\$589      | -\$460          |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies | -\$175      | -\$310          |
| Insurance (12 month average)    |             | -\$120          |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges             | -\$90       | -\$100          |
| Total (Excluding Equipment)     | **-\$4847** | **-\$4983**     |
| Equipment Purchases             | \- \$0      | \- \$272        |

Major Events

-   CSIRO \$215, ADUG \$110, NM \$131, ModSynth \~\$250 to \$300, DnB loss \$167 minimum

Equipment

-   SPENT Dropsaw \$276 (04/03/16)
-   TO BE SPENT - Cabling/Tools for electronic work bench \~\$227
-   FUNDS AVAILABLE \~\$550 excluding the above \$227

Eftpos Terminal

-   Got it 16/2. \$644 put through it in Feb. Much higher use than estimated.
-   Instructions for use is listed in the committee 'restricted section' + on wall in the office.

Joe Hockey and Mathias Corman Moment completed by treasurers

Insurance

    *In agenda - Needs a lot of changes

### Minutes of previous meeting

#### Membership Officer Report

Approval of New Members Gerard Biles-CONCESSION, James McCluskey-FULL, addam eid-CONCESSION, Volker Ritzka-FULL, Brett Downing-FULL

\*\* All approved without dissent \*\*

Members Ceasing Bastian Baalmann???? Out of the country?? - Membership Overdue by 3 or more

-   2 Full Members with Tool Usage,
-   31 Full Members;
-   16 Concession Members;
-   1 Studio Member
-   1 Sponsored Member
-   1 Active Band/Concession Membership
-   1 Active Tenant; which includes two individual “full” memberships
-   7 Bands

#### Events Officer Report

##### Previous

-   NoizeMaschin
-   BioHack
-   Open Day
-   Modular Synth on hold last month

##### Upcoming

-   Modular Synth
-   ADUG
-   NoizeMaschin!!

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

### Previous ACTION Items Status

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Members of each subcommittee need to be listed in WIKI

#### Infrastructure Report

-   Nil.
-   [Tidy Space](/tidyspace/) [AREA HOSTS](/areahosts/)

### Agenda Items

-   Should we have a "Lifetime member" gratis membership for continued and past dedication to the space (MitchK) SKoTM suggests acknowledgement with signage.
-   Artifactory 2.0 - encompass changes relating to our newer, brighter future [DOM](/user/davo)
    -   New Logo
    -   complete review of security
    -   storage options
    -   member management
-   Member projects v Infrastructure projects v 'The Space as a project'
-   Insurance. Quote received from broker.
    -   Deadlock needs to be added to rear door prior to insurance renewal 30/03 **Action: SKoTM: Arrange deadlock**
    -   Policy needs a lot of updating - thus cost maybe quite different. (We now have closed circuit tv, revenue is greater, current policy says we have one employee?) **Action: Executive to gather details Action: Call out for specific items for contents insurance.**
-   Current security issues - subcommittee? **Action: SkotM to arrange subcommittee TimG and NickB to join**
-   Policy regarding dangerous projects (including but not limited to HV work) **On Wiki. Action: All to review then convene**
-   Ability to suspend members or projects \*\* Action: SKotM to form subcommittee to work up a draft for next meeting \*\* \*\*Action: SkoTM to post to list regarding our current process as interim solution. \*\*
-   (once again) acceptable levels of member storage and can James be switched to Studio Membership?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        * Studio Membership Definition in TidyHQ "Full membership, for artists who use the space as their studio (and thus use more space than the average member)". **DaveO suggests we designate "Cosplay Shelf".**
    * Exit Signs Sitting in Office - are they suppose to be put up. **They are spares ***
    * Ownership of equipment in the Artifactory (STUART)
      * The large metal frame shelving units brought in by CDM Studios is a donation to the Artifactory.
      * Lockers, Wood/Acrylic   - Clear Ownership
      * Security cameras "4x unify cameras and uvc pro" - **Action: $695 converted to never never**
      * Other
    *StuartM to wrangle potential sponsors for website. Clarification - Not proposing sponsors. - Proposing Google Ads?

### General Business

-   Big Red Issue - last repair lasted nine days.(NickB) **Action: Checklist above laser cutter bigger? 240v level relay logic thing? Refer to Laser Subcommittee**
-   Lathe is rubbish. A **much** better lathe can be obtained for \$2000 (Lemming) \*\*Action: Steeplefund. Lemming to wrangle \*\*
-   Lemming described BNE hackerspace situation re accom. **Action** Lemming to write up details and send to committee

### ACTION Items Resulting

-   Checklist above laser cutter bigger & investigate 240v level relay logic thing. **Laser Subcommittee to action**
-   Steeplefund for a new Lather **Lemming to action**
-   BNE Hackerspace premises situation \*\* Lemming to write up and send to committee\*\*
-   Security Cameras -\> Mitch's Never Never **StuartM to gather details from Mitch and Action**
-   \*\*SKoTM to post to list re current process for reporting dangerous things \*\*
-   \*\*SKotM to form subcommittee to work up a draft for next meeting \*\*
