---
title: 2016-10-12
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:05:15.629Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:27:57.818Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2016.10.12

## Agenda

1.  Acceptance of Minutes of the previous meeting
2.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Chairman's report
    4.  Treasurer's report
    5.  Other officer's reports
    6.  Subcommittee reports (moot as they may be)
    7.  Building Report
3.  Update on the search for other premises
4.  Member warnings
    1.  Issuing formal warnings to Nick and Mitch about behaviour/altercations in-space.
    2.  Mitch and Nick be prevented from being involved in any roles/subcommittees/etc where they are required to interact with each other.
    3.  Send an official Apology to Adam Fianaca (and Fiancee) for the situation we left them in regarding the laser tube collection.
        1.  **See minutes of meeting 19/10/2016**
    4.  Issuing a formal warning to Mitch about the tube issue, as it has caused much damage to our reputation with a key supplier.
        1.  **See minutes of meeting 19/10/2016**
    5.  Mitch should be prevented from representing the space in any dealings.
        1.  **See minutes of meeting 19/10/2016**
5.  Subcommittee
    1.  Approval of terms of reference
    2.  Membership
6.  Other business
7.  Review of outstanding Action Items

-   ACTION (3/9/2016) SteveH to write prospective subcommittee documentation for subcommittees (IT, Infrastructure, Laser, Fundraising, Events) prior to the next meeting and to solicit feedback from both the committee, existing subcommittee members (where known) and the general membership.
-   ACTION (3/9/2016) Stuart to contact the Studio Officer Membership to discuss a small rate increment. **\$50 increase per four weeks agreed. Effective 18/09**

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: TG (proxy for RC), LEM, SH, NB, HF, JMM, StM
-   Observing:
-   Apologies: TP, RC, JK
-   Absent:

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 2005
-   Closed: 2325
-   Next meeting: 9 Nov 2016 2000.

### Minutes of previous meeting (14/9/2016)

See: [committee_meeting_2016.09.14](/committee/committee_meeting_2016.09.14)

| Status      | Accepted / Rejected |
|-------------|---------------------|
| Moved By    | LEM                 |
| Seconded By | StM                 |

Passed without dissent

### Correspondence

STU - Guy Benary, Andrew, Nathan Thompson had to pick auspice body for their grant from Catalyst. *(Catalyst funds innovative projects and initiatives from Australian arts and cultural organisations.)*

They are involved in a great project where live brain neurons are interacting with a custom made modular synth. Their project is called cellF. <http://guybenary.com/work/cellf/>

They are applying for funding for some international shows through Catalyst - <https://www.arts.gov.au/funding-and-support/catalyst-australian-arts-and-culture-fund>

One of the requirements of the application is to have an organisation auspice the funds and we thought that the Artifactory would be perfect. Proposed that 10% of the funding goes to the Artifactory. They've applied for 85K grant.

### Chairman's report

You've all done very well.

### Treasurer's Report

|                         | 30/09/2016    | 31/08/2016    |
|:-----------------------:|---------------|---------------|
|       NAB Balance       | \$5169.29     | \$4113.31     |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$71.96       | \$471.54      |
|         Balance         | **\$5241.25** | **\$4584.55** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds              |
|--------------------------------|
| Estimated Bond Value           |
| For Insurance 17/18            |
| Laser Funds Available          |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment |
| DESIRED BALANCE                |

\^

|                                 | 30/09/2016 | 31/08/2016 |                                         |
|:-------------------------------:|------------|------------|-----------------------------------------|
|           Laser Tubes           | -\$1338    | -\$1438    | This Month \$100. Paying down \$2475.26 |
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2240     | \$2020     | Replaced by Skot (+\$220 from NM! Sept) |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 11 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$4775     | \$4691           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/drinks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$996      | \$1017           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations                                         | \$0        | \$221            |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$5771** | **\$5928**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                               |             |             |
|----------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease (Paid due date for coming month) | -\$4224     |   -\$4224   |
| Electricity                            | -\$397      |   -\$429    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies        | -\$554      |   -\$318    |
| Insurance (12 month average)           | -\$0        |   -\$158    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                    | -\$89       |    -\$92    |
| Merchant Fees                          | -\$80       |    -\$40    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equipment)   | **-\$5344** | **-\$5261** |

\^

| Equipment Purchases\* | \- \$0 | \- \$561 |
|-----------------------|--------|----------|

Major Events/Other (Past Month)

    *ADUG - $90
    *Noizemaschin $220, 
    *Mod Synth $270

Money Due (08/07)

    *Membership - ~$3500
    *Car park hire (2 weeks)- $800  (Committee approved a $400 a week rental for two car bays by Member Daniel Browne on the basis that cars would be protected and car park would be cleaned up post work)
    *Kitchenette Expenses - $110
    *ADUG Sept - $90,
    *Bond - $135

#### Membership Report

-   29 (0) Full Members;
-   16 (+1) Concession Memberships;
-   0 (0) Studio Memberships
-   0 (-1) Annual Sponsored Memberships
-   1 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   3 (0) Band Memberships
-   1 (0) Band + Concession Memberships

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Approval / Disapprove** Memeberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (90 days+ due) - William Blakers + Oliver Kellow

MOVED: TG SECONDED: LEM Passed without dissent

-   **Approval / Disapprove** of New Members
    -   CONCESSION - Ben Hollis, Damian Brennan
    -   FULL - Martin Lines, Wieslaw Wojtowicz

MOVED: SH SECONDED: LEM Passed without dissent

### Other officer's reports

#### Promotions Officer - JK

Deferred until next meeting

#### Fundraising

wed night arduino u for meetings. Members JMM & StM

#### Event Coordinators Report

      * NoizeM - SM, TG, JMM, Skot, Meg
        * TG - had one, it was very good.  last ones curated well.
        * questions should be passed to the any of the people listed above.
      * Arduino U - TG, Hugh
        * Return of the Doug
        * Need to discuss better rostering of people (true for all events)
        * LEM suggests he's close and can be available at short notice.
        * A lot of regular faces, no new ones?
      * DIY Synth - Tim
        * Continue to be successful and well attended
        * seemed to have fewer non-members
        * will continue through december probably
      * open day - Steve
        * quiet last time
        * need more promotion
      * ADUG - Nick & Richard Harrington
        * Still going.  They run themselves
      * Other Events
        - Spark Co - Lemming
          - Pfffffffftttt.  waste of time
        - Bio Hackers - Stu
          - They came, they did their thing, they may return (they're irregular)
          - busy people, interesting people 

### Subcommittee reports

We technically don't have them at the moment.

### Building Report

### Area hosts Reports

1.  Area hosts
    1.  CAD Room - Russell
        1.  looking manky
        2.  LEM to borrow spare monitors
        3.  3D printer not working, JMM can't get it going. Needs help. See what Rudolpho (sp??)
    2.  Electronics Bench - Steve
        1.  looking like Steve's bench at home.
        2.  announce to the list that all areas should be kept tidy (by chairman)
        3.  tim will also ensure list near door has correct instructions for closing
    3.  Tool Room - Lemming
        1.  new bandsaw
        2.  lathe in dire need of love (\$several hundred, probably not worth it)
        3.  lemming to look at basic repairs and diagnosis
        4.  need a dial indicator (we should have one \~\$100)
        5.  small one will be wood only
        6.  large one needs a metal blade
        7.  LEM to put list of materials on bandsaws
        8.  swarf-o-mat very happy
        9.  mildred :-(
        10. mini-mill - can't get parts :-(
    4.  Welding - Lemming
        1.  works well.
        2.  Brett's plasma cutter. (not on the never never, not reimbursed). if marked as his, he is happy to leave it here. need to let him know we probably won't fix it or claim on insurance if stolen. (all care no responsibility)
        3.  LEM to check with Brett that he's OK with this.
    5.  Band Room - Tanner
        1.  deferred
    6.  Stage - JMM
        1.  we still have one. It's still there, and it's clean.
2.  Fundraising - SM, JMM, Russell
    1.  discussed above
3.  IT Infrastructure SubComm - Andrew, Mitch, Steven Tseng, Nick, Tim, Brendan
    1.  Tim complains nobody says what is happening.
    2.  Andrew is doing good stuff.
        1.  vm machine updates (auth, core, web, filer)
        2.  fixed door
4.  Sustainability - Russell
    1.  deferred

### Cornwall house

-   we've been involved as a core member for some time.
-   business plan together (\$6m)
-   city of swan will do it at jack williamsom oval and lease space \$10k per year for a space like what we have now)
-   2-3 years until spades
-   need people to go along - tuesday arvo 2pm upstairs at midland library
-   have a grant for grant writing workshop with continued support.
-   nick to post details to the core.

### Update on the search for other premises

-   New Venue Hunting - SM, JMM, Lemming
    -   looked at today
    -   need a list of ducks to put in a row.
    -   talk to council about pubic building status
    -   put it out to the general membership
    -   \$57k pa, outgoings 8-10k (can't be right)
    -   920 sqm total, 630 warehouse 270ish office space
    -   coolroom model?
    -   full details (LEM) to core list.

### Member warnings

the reason for doing this is to put a line in the sand for all members that the committee will act in cases of bad behaviour. This IS NOT part of the suspension process, that will come next.

The warning will be made generally known by to the membership by posting the text of the draft minutes to the core list.

Nick adopted an observer status and agreed to abstain from voting.

      - Issuing formal warnings to Nick and Mitch about behaviour/altercations in-space.
        - moved TG
        - seconded LEM
        - passed without dissent with nick's abstention
      - Mitch and Nick be prevented from being involved in any roles/subcommittees/etc where they are required to interact with each other.
        - moved: SH
        - seconded: StM
        - passed without dissent Nick, and JMM abstained
      - Send an official Apology to Adam Fianaca (and Fiancee) for the situation we left them in regarding the laser tube purchase and collection.
        - discussion
          - <del>we have been made to look bad on several occasions</del>
            - **Determined to be incorrect -- see minutes of meeting 19/10/2016**
          - <del>Adam was "done with dealing with us"</del>
            - **Determined to be incorrect -- see minutes of meeting 19/10/2016**
          - "collect within 3 days" email
        - moved: TG
        - seconded: LEM
        - passed: no dissent with Nick's abstention
      - Issuing a formal warning to Mitch about the tube issue, as it has caused much damage to our reputation with a key supplier.
        - discussion
          - The major issues were discussed while addressing the issue of a official apology to Adam.
            - **See minutes of meeting 19/10/2016.  Some of the information we were basing our discussion on was later determined to be incorrect.**
          - Prior to the vote, the committee were reminded that this warning was for issues arising from the laser tube order and the fallout with Adam.
        - moved: TG
        - seconded: SH
        - passed: passed without dissent Nick abstaining.
      - Other issues discussed (but not relevant to a motion on the table) were:
        - Mitch summarily disabled engraving.
        - LEM queried it with Adam.  There is no issue.  
        - JMM suggests he probably did it in the best interests.
        - We have concerns about communication issues including a perception that information that was presented by Mitch was the opposite to the advice given by Adam.
      - Mitch should be prevented from representing the space in any dealings.
        - discussion
          - Some of the context was surrounding the tube issue with Adam
            - **See minutes of meeting 19/10/2016.  Some of the information we were basing our discussion on was later determined to be incorrect.**
          - Need to ask questions about the possibility of a jaycar card in his name called "artifactory" as SH was asked "Do you mean Mitch Kelly?" when trying to use the Artifactory's account.
          - Ask to have BOC cylinder handled by an Artifactory acct, not via MK.
          - Past issues with miscommunication/misunderstanding with an Acrylic supplier
          - Observation that as written the motion technically includes asking MK not to  show people around the space.
        - moved TG
        - seconded LEM
        - passed without dissent (nick & JMM abstained)

Nick offers to recuse himself from the discussion on the list as long as there's a deadline. Tim suggests by Sunday. All emails other than for warning discussion should be CCed to Nick.

ACTION: Get this done by Sunday.

ACTION: Tim to send the apology.

ACTION: Committee as a whole: plural warnings to Mitch, one to Nick, prepare information about removing him from representing the space(contacts, contracts, etc...). JMM to prepare first draft.

### Subcommittee

Moved by SH: that after the warning emails have been dealt with that the committee will read the terms of reference for subcommittees, and finalize them and a draft list of members prior to the next committee meeting when we will deal with it as a priority. seconded: TG passed: passed without dissent or abstention

      - Approval of terms of reference (See [[subcommittee:start]])
      - Membership (See [[subcommittee:start]])

### Other Business

JMM to tell us what we need for the first aid kit.

SH to buy LEDs for LEM

People who were in tonight were interested in sharing space.

We have no female members who are not in bands.

### ACTION Items Resulting

Existing actions have been performed.

### ONGOING ACTION Items

None
