---
title: Committee Meeting - 2016-12-07
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:05:40.731Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:28:31.259Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2016.12.07

## Agenda

1.  Brief note about Chairman of this meeting
2.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Chairman's report
    4.  Treasurer's report
    5.  Other officer's reports
    6.  Subcommittee reports
    7.  Building Report
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
3.  Chairman's leave of absence and proposed new under-deputy Chairman
4.  Update on the search for other premises
5.  Other business
6.  Review of Action Items

## Minutes

, ==

### Members Present

-   Present: JK, NB, StM, Lem, SJH, HP
-   Observing:
-   Apologies: TG
-   Absent: JM, RC

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 2030
-   Closed: 2317
-   Next meeting: (4 Jan 2017 at 2030)

### Brief note about Chairman of this meeting

### Acceptance of minutes

See: [committee_meeting_2016.11.09](/committee/committee_meeting_2016.11.09)

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | NB       |
| Seconded By | Lem      |

Passed withoit dissent

### Correspondence

nothing on paper, stuff on facebook (Lem to fill in here)

### Chairman's report

Good open day

### Treasurer's Report

|                         | 30/11/2016    | 31/10/2016    |
|:-----------------------:|---------------|---------------|
|       NAB Balance       | \$4410.73     | \$8357.52     |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$171.72      | \$296.90      |
|         Balance         | **\$4582.45** | **\$8654.42** |

L30/10 Balance - Lease paid 2/11 rather than in Oct. Thus a like for like balance should look **\$4430.42 for 31/10** \^

| Quarantined Funds              |
|--------------------------------|
| Estimated Bond Value           |
| For Insurance 17/18            |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment |
| DESIRED BALANCE                |

\^

|                                 | 31/11/2016 | 30/10/2016 |                                        |
|:-------------------------------:|------------|------------|----------------------------------------|
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2610     | \$2510     | Replaced by Skot (+\$100 from NM! Nov) |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 12 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$2725     | \$4482           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/drinks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$1671     | \$1029           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations/Fundraising                             | \$220      | \$216            |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$4616** | **\$5771**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                                                     |             |             |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease+Estimated Variable Outgoings (Paid 02/11 for November) | -\$4224     |   -\$4224   |
| Electricity                                                  | -\$222      |   -\$446    |
| Insurance (12 month average)                                 | -\$0        |   -\$158    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies                              | -\$206      |   -\$318    |
| Merchant Fees                                                | -\$80       |    -\$40    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                                          | -\$95       |   -\$106    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equip/Fundraising Exp)             | **-\$4827** | **-\$5292** |

\^

| Fundraising Expenses# | \$0      | \$59   |
|-----------------------|----------|--------|
| Equipment Purchases\$ | -\$65.24 | -\$571 |

\$ Shed padlock, Belt for Belt Sander, Wood for LED Light bars for trestles, 2 \* POWER PLUGS FOR shed

Major Events/Other (Past Month)

    *ADUG - ~$110
    *Noizemaschin ~$100, 
    *Mod Synth ~$300

Money Due (04/11/16)

    *Membership - ~$5805 +$3K on last months ($1520 paid 05/11/16)
    *Car park hire (4 weeks)- $800 - ($400 paid 05/11/16)
    *Kitchenette Expenses - $284.50  ($284.50 paid 05/11/16)
    *ADUG Sept + Oct + Nov - $290,
    *LEDs - $50

#### Membership Report

-   28 (-3) Full Members;
-   14 (-1) Concession Memberships;
-   0 (0) Studio Memberships
-   0 (0) Annual Sponsored Memberships
-   1 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   4 (+1) Band Memberships
-   1 (0) Band + Concession Memberships

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Approve / Disapprove** Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due)
    -   Alex Polgardy (left)
    -   Volker Ritzka (cancelled)

moved Lem 2nd NB Passed without dissent

-   **Approve / Disapprove** of New Members since last meeting
    -   CONCESSION -
    -   FULL - Gino Parisella, Nick Derickx, David Van Beelen
    -   Band - Red Mother

moved Lem 2nd SH Passed without dissent

MOVED:

SECONDED:

### Other officer's reports

#### Promotions Officer - JK

Supernova Perth booked June

Lots of ideas of things to take

-   University Orientation/O-Day
    -   ECU? 20 Feb
        -   MT lawley 23 Feb
    -   Curtin 20 Feb (ish)
    -   UWA Friday 2017-02-24 <https://www.facebook.com/events/1146953648707628/>

we are registered on creativespaces.com.au

would like to use promotions@artifactory.com.au

Has a poster and is putting it up around the place

looking at flyer printing costs

look at google analytics for main web site

Look at meetup (\~\$20/month)

#### Fundraising JMM/StM

JMM has been prettying up the annual report

#### Event Coordinators Report

      * NoizeM - SM, TG, JMM, Skot, Meg
        * it was good
        * small crowd :-(
        * next one looking big
      * Arduino U - TG, Hugh
        * pretty quiet
        * get nanos to sell at a small price (inc with entry)
        * lots to talk about
      * DIY Synth - Lem
        * pretty good 
        * good comments about lights
        * lots of people
      * open day - Steve
        * steady stream of people 
        * JK's promotion was good
        * JK's cleanup (also StM after NM) well appreciated
      * ADUG - Nick & Richard Harrington
        * not this month
      * Other Events

### Subcommittee reports

1.  Laser subcommittee
    1.  see subcommittee minutes
    2.  suggestions about improvements following laser settings changes
    3.  need more trainers

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      - 
    - Fundraising
    - IT SubComm
      - some issues with the door (solar panel related?)
    - Infrastructure
    - Events

### Building Report

### Area hosts Reports

1.  Area hosts
    1.  CAD Room - Russell
    2.  Electronics Bench - Steve
    3.  Tool Room - Lemming
        1.  layout change
        2.  cordless drill broken
        3.  lotterywest grant application
        4.  ask for donations of equipment
        5.  ask for donation of funds
        6.  can we get cheap "returned" equipment?
    4.  Welding - Lemming
        1.  we have gas!
    5.  Band Room - Tanner
        1.  monitor arm for mac?
        2.  wants to do audit
    6.  Stage - JMM

### Swan Community Workshops (SCW) previously Cornwall house

had the meeting.

need to get into the grant writing workshop next year

### Update on the search for other premises

Another building to look at this Friday afternoon 2 Burgay court. Office + warehouse + yard

### Other Business

-   First aid kit.
-   LEDs
    -   roaring success
-   Door
-   General Cleanliness (Thanks JK)
-   connecting up.org
    1.  are we on their list of members?
    2.  investigation re registration as a charity

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   another 3 phase connection split out for lasers. spoken to martin \$200 in materials 2hrs. 1 month membership per hour?

moved LEM pay up to \$200 materials + 2 months for 3 phase stuff 2nd Nick passed without dissent

### ACTION items

#### Resolved

#### New (arising from this meeting)

ACTION (StM) to remove TG from info@ and add Lem & Jason

ACTION (JK) Investigate Non personalised Business cards

ACTION (JK) Investigate approx 1000 flyers

ACTION (SH) To bring in old cordless drill

ACTION (SH) to show Tanner the monitor arm

ACTION (TP) to do audit of band room equipment

ACTION (Nick) to check chiller on Big Red

ACTION (HP) to investigate arduino parts and stuff for courses & syllabus

#### Ongoing

ACTION (Lem) to handle the corresp stuff.

ACTION (Subcommittees) to ask for people interested in subcommittees

ACTION (TG) - Manipulation of the history of core mailing list. (not yet done) Can someone else do it?

ACTION (JMM) - First aid kit status (catalog and advise)
