---
title: 2016-08-13
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:04:49.511Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:27:22.013Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2016.08.13

## Agenda

1.  AGM Date: Proposed 03/09/2016 11am - Must be announced today
2.  Laser Tube Update
3.  Expenses to approve
    1.  Raspberry Pi and other bits \$107.70 for big red - \$107.70
    2.  Cable Locks for new computers \$34
4.  NBN
5.  Proposal to formalise the structure of subcommittees. The suggestion boils down to each subcommittee having a wiki page describing their name, function, membership, etc, and a set of guidelines as to how they should do their stuff. It also includes some formalities like observing that since a subcommittee exercises delegated authority of the committee (I call it the "main committee"), subcommittees would necessarily automatically be suspended when a new committee is elected.

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Nick, J-M, Lemming, Stu, Steve
-   Observing: Mich
-   Apologies: Skot, Andrew, Dave, Tim
-   Absent: Meg, Rich,

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:06am
-   Closed: 12:50pm
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING,

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted / Rejected |
|-------------|---------------------|
| Moved By    | Steve               |
| Seconded By | Nick                |

### Correspondence

### Property Report

Lease

1.  Variable outgoings going up by \$231(IncGST) per month mainly due to land tax doubling in the last two years. From 01/07/16. Last financial year variable out goings were unfunded by \$2805.07 IncGST)<img src="/committee/imag1217.jpg" width="200" />
2.  No correspondence on our lease extension proposal.........So we are on month by month basis.

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Nothing to report

#### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER

|                         | 31/07/2016    | 30/06/2016     |
|:-----------------------:|---------------|----------------|
|       NAB Balance       | \$7691.39     | \$9480.02      |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$215.88      | \$806.07       |
|         Balance         | **\$7907.27** | **\$10286.09** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds              |
|--------------------------------|
| Estimated Bond Value           |
| For Insurance 17/18            |
| Laser Funds Available          |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment |
| DESIRED BALANCE                |

\^

|                                 | 31/07/2016 | 30/06/2016 |                                                                                                                   |
|:-------------------------------:|------------|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|           Laser Tubes           | -\$1673    | \$200      | Previous Month \$200 + July \$100 + Donations \$502 = \$802 less Laser Tubes \$2475. Import duties costs to come. |
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$1870     | \$1500     | Replaced by Skot (+\$370 from NM! July)                                                                           |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 9 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$4590     | \$4734          |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/drinks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$973      | \$1071          |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations                                         | \$502      | \$287           |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$6065** | **\$6092**      |

\^

| EXPENSES                               |             |             |
|----------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease (Paid due date for coming month) | -\$3993     |   -\$3993   |
| Electricity                            | -\$454      |   -\$498    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies        | -\$313      |   -\$330    |
| Insurance (12 month average)           | -\$0        |   -\$158    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                    | -\$61       |   -\$108    |
| Merchant Fees                          | -\$80       |    -\$40    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equipment)   | **-\$4901** | **-\$5127** |

\^

| Equipment Purchases\* | \- \$2792.50 | \- \$759.12 |
|-----------------------|--------------|-------------|

Laser \$2475.26, Door Strike \$232.87, Tig Rods \$15, Brass T piece-Air Fitting-Compressor Drain Outlet taps \$35.35, Cable Locks for Computers \$33.92

Major Events/Other (Past Month)

    *Noizemaschin $370, 
    *Mod Synth $170
    *ADUG 

Money Due (08/07)

    *Membership - ~$3700
    *Bond - $135

Treasurer Cancelled Membership -

#### Membership Officer Report

-   MEMBERSHIP
    -   Approval of New Members - Conc = Ross Sandrock , Full = Andrew Ho,

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   1 (0) Full Members with Tool Usage,
-   32 (-1) Full Members;
-   15 (-1) Concession Memberships;
-   0 (0) Studio Memberships
-   1 (0) Annual Sponsored Memberships
-   1 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   3 (0) Band Memberships
-   1 (0) Band + Concession Memberships

#### Events Officers Report - Stuart/Tim

-   Open Day - Steve
-   Arduino U - Tim
-   Noizemaschin!! - Stuart/Tim/Meg/J-M
-   ADUG - Nick/Richard Harrington
-   DIY Synth - Tim/Steve
-   Cosplay

#### Subcommittee reports

### Infrastructure Committee

-   Bulid the shed regardless of what is happening with the lease. Build date needs to be set.
-   Spend for new laser head assembly for big red (Lemming to arrange price.........about \$100).
-   Another Camera above the laser \$110 + possibly another by near the road. **(APPROVAL FOR ANOTHER CAMERA)**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Bandsaw blade replaced **Mitch to get temp. replacement. Lemming to get a good one.**
-   J-M to monitor fridge

### Laser subcommittee

Members: Mitch, Nick, Steve

-   The committee decided by consensus to operate by consensus.
-   Formalization of responsibilities to contact external suppliers will be discussed and documentaed following the completion of the current order with Adam.
-   Report on Bug red status
    -   New tube broken in transit
    -   80W (Little Red) tube fitted
    -   New tag on/tag off system
    -   Integration with a charging system (not yet)
    -   Users without tags
    -   Work for the Artifactory
    -   Documentation about tag on/tag off software
-   Report on Little Red status
    -   New tube in Big Red
    -   Currently out of commission?
    -   New tube was larger diameter) and longer than old tube (fit issue?)
-   Status of order with Adam

##### Proposed External Events Update

-   ECU (Student group) - Joel Birch - seeing us today about event proposal. **Request was for Artifactory member to give a talk to teachers on a hacker space. David O did this**
-   SPARK Co Lab(Student group) Dan Arthur - Monday 05/09 5-8pm for a medical device prototyping course. **STUART/LEMMING We will offer free entry to the following events immediately after event - General hacking / Training Day, Wine and Design + Arduino U**
-   Luan (Hackathon Event in September) **STUART - Not happening**

##### Proposal to formalise the operation of subcommittees (Steve)

I (Steve) was thinking last month about our sub-committee structure and that there is no formal description of what a subcommittee may do or how it does it.

Whilst this hasn't generally been a problem, I think it might be a good idea to formalise the structure of subcommittees a little.

My suggestion boils down to each subcommittee having a wiki page describing their name, function, membership, etc, and a set of guidelines as to how they should do their stuff. It also includes some formalities like observing that since a subcommittee exercises delegated authority of the committee (I call it the "main committee"), subcommittees would necessarily automatically be suspended when a new committee is elected.

This was posted on the Committee list and responses were suportive.

I think all members of a subcommittee need to be aware of and agree to:

    1. The subcommittee system is designed to
      a.       Relieve load from the main committee,
      b.      Allow the main committee to benefit from the expertise of other members,
      c.       Allow non-committee members to participate in the management of the space,
      d.      Be open to scrutiny and observation by interested members (as is the main committee), and
      e.      Be run in a friendly and collegial manner.

    2.      Each subcommittee is subservient to the main committee and exists by fiat of the main committee.

    3.      Committees can operate as they see fit within the guidelines, however operation must be either
      a.       Democratic (a majority vote of a quorum of subcommittee members)
      b.      By consensus (all subcommittee members are aware of, it has strong support from, and none are strongly against the proposal)

    4.      A subcommittee has responsibility delegated to it by the main committee within defined terms of reference.  The terms of reference are determined by the main committee.

    5.      Any change of membership/Other changes require assent of the main committee  (minuted at committee meeting)  The subcommittee may invite others to observe and comment but note vote until change of membership is approved.

    6.      The subcommittee is inactivated with all responsibilities referred back to the main committee if:
      a.       The subcommittee membership falls below 2 members,
      b.      There is no main committee member on the sub-committee,
      c.       The main committee disbands the sub-committee.
      d.      The subcommittee reports to the main committee that they have resolved to disband.
      e.      The subcommittee acts outside their terms of reference.
      f.        An annual or special general meeting is held (a motion may be passed to retain/reactivate all existing subcommittees subject to membership including a committee member).

    7.      A quorum of a subcommittee is at least half.

    8.      Each subcommittee has the following detailed on the wiki:
      a.       Current Name
      b.      Current Terms of reference
      c.       Current Email list
      d.      Current Members
      e.      Minuted changes to the above made by the main committee or a quorum of the main committee.

    9.      Within their area of responsibility, and if it is within their terms of reference, the sub-committee will be the appropriate place for normal members to:
      a.       Obtain permission/training to access/operate,
      b.      Request maintenance or obtain permission to maintain,
      c.       Request a modification or obtain permission to modify, and
      d.      Request updates on the current operational status.

    10.   Any action taken by the subcommittee should be communicated to all members of the subcommittee (preferably by a message on the appropriate list or notes on the wiki)
      a.    Sub-committees are encouraged to nominate a secretary to be responsible for minuting and reporting.  
      b.    Sub-committees should generally operate on a "plan" then "do" model which enables all members of the subcommittee to be aware of the plans before they are put into effect.
      c.    Membership of a sub-committee does not give individuals the freedom to act unilaterally.  A sub-committee has been formed by the main committee to allow a team to work on a task.

    11.   The subcommittee should be ready and willing to report the current status of any action they are undertaking to:
      a.    Their own members (on request)
      b.    A main committee member (on request)
      c.    The main committee (at each committee meeting)

    More detailed information may require reference to particular subcommittee members, but in general this information should be available on that sub-committee's wiki page.

### Previous ACTION Items Status

-   Action: STU/LEMMING to get prospectus together for ACNC/Cultural org. registration
-   Action: MITCH to post out post out process for reporting dangerous things
-   Action: MITCH/LEMMING removing people from the space procedure.
-   Action: NICK to post to list about resin, paints etc on workbenches, and the importance of using drop sheets.
-   Action: Someone to investigate officeworks printing of (RFID?) membership cards.
-   Action: SKOT to contact RGL \* We can apply for a Permanent Liquor License as “Restricted Club” \~ \$400. RGL may be have veto over our constitution, SKoT to contact RGL and determine exact requirements SkotM: We should secure lease/talk to Landlord.
-   Action: LEMMING n STEVE Interlocks etc continues.
-   Action: STEVE to make new Sign reports approved laser materials
-   Action: DAVEO refer to IT subcommitte for technical solution to pinging members before their membership expires
-   Action: NICKB to update wiki with List of subcommittes and mailing lists.
-   Action: TIMG to create FB events for next month.
-   Action: MITCHK to insert laser subcommittee report
-   Action: NICKB to insert IT subcommittee report
-   Action: STUARTM to insert Infrastructure subcommttee report
-   Action: TIMG to post reminder to list that regular event bookings are on calendar.
-   Action: LEMMING to arrange price for new laser head assembly for big red.

#### Action items resulting from Last meeting

-   Action: MITCH to arrange replacement tubes for big red + a spare for little red. 3.2K budget. **Done \$2475.26 excluding import duties**
-   Action: MITCH to findout what was the life of the old tube
-   Action: LEMMING \$200 budget for swarf-o-mat enclosure
-   Action: STEVE to arrange group acrylic order
-   Action: More cameras add to next months agenda
-   Action: GROUP Flood Drill after meeting **FAIL**
-   Action: STEVE to investigate whether our machines registered with the Radiological Council of WA? *yes D.Harmworth probably has it* And Steve to go to the effort of becoming registered with the Radiological council of WA?
-   Action: STUART to Arrange Laser Donations / Advise group on big red repricing **DONE**
-   Action: SOMEONE Adjust big red pricing signage **DONE**
-   Action: NICK B to add his LSO status to the wiki page
-   Action: STUART - Update WIKI on Events Officers and Coordinators/Big re-pricing/Event pricing guidelines/Band Room Bond **DONE**
-   Action: ANDREWE to donate three shade sale posts
-   Action: GROUP build a shed post lease negoitations
-   Action: LEMMING - Buy bandsaw blades \$80 budget
-   Action: MITCH - Arrange welding tank re-fill
-   Action: STUART - ask Jason K to make another first aid box for the tool room. **On hold as new kit may come with box**
-   Action: J-M to stock take medical supplies

### Sub-Committee Reports

#### IT

\- by Andrew E.

Status update on IT related things: (mostly relayed from conversations in IRC)

-   Mitch has installed a rack in the front office to contain server(s)
-   Doorbot has had minor tweaks to the code and can better lock out users
-   Big Red now has RFID tag control - based on the doorbot code with a few hacks.
-   Various new all-in-one PCs and macs have arrived in the space
-   The IRC channel (#artifactory on freenode) is a bit more lively now
-   Any code etc for the {door,laser}bot stuff is on github -

<https://github.com/Perth-Artifactory/rfid-tools>

TODO

-   No I still haven't migrated the vmware+debian woody machines to kvm + debian jessie.
-   reprovisioning method for infrastructure raspberry pi machines needed. Something like ansible or at the very least a checklist for someone to reproduce install / config
-   Tidyclub integration - I have a new set of oauth tokens to test with. Not had chance.
-   Some sort of internal accounting / usage API needs to be developed.

### Agenda Items

1.  AGM Date: Proposed 03/09/2016 11am - Must be announced today **ALL APPROVED**
2.  Laser Tube Update **One Received 80W, The other in pieces150W (broken) - a replacement is coming.**
3.  Expenses to approve
    1.  Raspberry Pi and other bits \$107.70 for big red - \$107.70 **APPROVED**
    2.  Cable Locks for new computers **APPROVED**
4.  NBN **Exetel Costs....\$95 a month + \$99 connection + \$299.....connect fee(maybe) + modem \$60. IT subcommittee to investigate if there is a connection fee. Committee approves doing NBN if monthly cost under \$100 and setup costs under \$200, no contract**
5.  Proposal to formalise the structure of subcommittees. The suggestion boils down to each subcommittee having a wiki page describing their name, function, membership, etc, and a set of guidelines as to how they should do their stuff. It also includes some formalities like observing that since a subcommittee exercises delegated authority of the committee (I call it the "main committee"), subcommittees would necessarily automatically be suspended when a new committee is elected. **SUBCOMMITTEE RULES APPROVED - EXISTING SUBCOMMITTEES TO BE GRANDFATHER IN UNTIL THE AGM AND COME UP WITH THEIR OWN RECOMMENDATIONS FOR TERMS OF REFERENCE PRIOR TO AGM**

### General Business

-   Investigate time frame on how to exit lease given we are paying by the month at the moment(STU)
-   Investigate Belmont location (MITCH)

### ACTION Items Resulting

#### ONGOING ACTION Items
