---
title: Committee Meeting - 2017-08-02
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:07:01.569Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:30:17.788Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.08.02

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
3.  Review of Action Items

### Agenda Items

## Minutes

Previous minutesAccepted unanimously

### Members Present

-   Present: Stu, Nick, Tim, Hugh, Jason, J-M
-   Observing: Glenn
-   Apologies: Lemming, Steve
-   Absent:

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: OPEN 2030
-   Closed: CLOSE
-   Next meeting: Wed 20170906-2000
-   AGM upcoming - tentative date: Sat 20170930-1100

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Stu      |
| Seconded By | NB       |

### Correspondence

-   CORRESPONDENCE
    -   WA Poets - Chris Arnold - "Sounding Off" event, Friday evening 20170811-1900 <https://www.facebook.com/events/101254117190276>
        -   Hugh, SKoT hosting? J-M will help out with audio setup
        -   Fixed price venue hire
    -   Sparkco
        -   Had their event Monday 20170731
        -   Lots of attendees, Stu hosted
        -   Professional photographer took photos
        -   Brought their own projector (where is ours?)
    -   City of Stirling
        -   Would like to hold 4 events here. Stu has replied.
        -   Mandala creation?

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY
    -   Drainage in carpark is working well
        -   Was scraped some months ago

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON
    -   ACTION: Annual Report Introduction for AGM

### Treasurer's Report

|                         | 31/07/2017   | 30/06/2017   |
|-------------------------|--------------|--------------|
| NAB Balance             | \$7402.36    | \$6400.51    |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$301.74     | \$379.15     |
| Guthrie St Bond         | \$6000       | \$6000       |
| Balance                 | **13704.10** | **12779.66** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds                     |
|---------------------------------------|
| Estimated RFID Key Members Bond Value |
| For Insurance 18/19                   |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment        |
| DESIRED BALANCE                       |

\^

|                                 | 31/07/2-17 | 30/6/2017 |                                    |
|:-------------------------------:|------------|-----------|------------------------------------|
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2705     | \$2705    | Collected in Full - REFUND SKOT??? |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 12 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$3755     | \$3970           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/Snacks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$1372     | \$1264           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations/Fundraising                             | \$0        | \$133            |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$5127** | **\$5366**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                                         |             |             |
|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease+Estimated Variable Outgoings               | -\$4224     |   -\$4224   |
| Electricity (bimonthly)                          | -\$0        |   -\$322    |
| Insurance (12 month average)                     | -\$0        |   -\$114    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies                  | -\$206      |   -\$272    |
| Merchant Fees (bimonthly sometimes)              | -\$0        |    -\$39    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                              | -\$81       |    -\$85    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equip/Fundraising Exp) | **-\$4511** | **-\$5056** |

\^

| Fundraising Expenses# | -\$0     | \$85     |
|-----------------------|----------|----------|
| Equipment Purchases\$ | -\$71.99 | -\$93.20 |

Expenses

-   Welding wire coil - \$44, free (included) argon changeover has occurred; next refill will cost us
    -   Shane has been using it, sorted out the tips, etc.
    -   Curtin Pedal Prix would like moral support in changing over the MIG wire coil
-   Tubing Silicon \$27.99

Major Events/Other Revenue (Past Month)

    *ADUG $110
    *Noizemaschin ~$300
    *Mod Synth ~$350

Money Due (as of 20170802)

    *Membership - $4375 steady on last months 
    *ADUG - $110 July, $80 June 

#### Membership Report

20170705

-   27 (-3) Full Members;
-   19 (-2) Concession Memberships;
-   0 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   5 (0) Band Memberships

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due) - Matthew Robinson, Gary Usher, Ben Hoggn

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   \$105 left from S.Hicks Donation to poorer members..... Again?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Approve / Disapprove** of New Members since last meeting - NONE
    -   CONCESSION -
    -   FULL -
    -   BAND -

MOVED: SECONDED:

#### Bandroom Report

-   MOTION: TP: Please give the bandroom a jolly good vacuum.

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Stu      |
| Seconded By | JK       |

### Other officer's reports

#### Promotions Officer

#### Fundraising JMM/StM

      * Annual Report -
      * were going to curtin robofare  Jason has registered 22 September but will be away
      * leeming will get box of bangs down there
      * need to get as many robotic/electronic things there
      * Mors absque scrutino
      * Can sell artifactory promo wares
      * Can we get Sonic Maniulator?  

#### Event Coordinators Report

      * NoizeM - (Coordinators SM, TG, JMM, Skot, Meg) 
         *Equipment failure - a submixer channels not working. Behringer Xenyx (cost about $150-$250 -with cables 6m?)
      * Steve can look at it initially and if it can be fixed in 2 weeks JM to check - else buy new - it  is old.
      * Leads do need replacing. $60 approx
      * Moved Jason
      * Seconded Jm
      * Passed unanimously 
         
        
      * Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
         * A couple of new attendies Doug guided through online tuts
         
         
      * DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lem)
         * Successful as ever!
         * Offer concession to Nathan, as long as he is acting as Mod Synth administrator, with waved bond
      * Nick Moved
      * JM Seconded
      * carried unanimously

      * Open Day - (Coordinator Steve)
      
      * ADUG - (Coordinator Nick & Richard Harrington)
        
      * Cosplay - PikaPi (Coordinator Lem)
       *All paid in August 8 attendies

      * Other Events
        * WA Poetry Festival - 11/8 - 7pm
        * Sparkco - Mon 31/7 4-6pm - been

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser sub comitee - Cleaning etc

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
       * Had a meeting , cleaned and Aligned, Kmil Kamil Seda has shown to be a valuable member 
       * Nick propose he be subcomittee member, if willing, Stu Seconded, Carried unanimously
        
    * Infrastructure 

### Agenda Items

\*Estelle's Strategic Plan

      *Standard at AGM is dicussion of fees, (Will discuss prior at 6 Sept Commitee Meeting)
      *Stu has put Questions on G: drive from the plan.
      *Will meet next wednesday to disuss the strategic plan
      *Discussion about hacker/Maker-space - will continue next week

      * Annual Report
           * So far in draft with reviews
           * Need Chairmans report
           * Strategic plan meeting may change "About Us" section
           * Needs completing for AGM
           * All present are broadly in favour of the Report so far.
               

\* Studio room

     *  Nick says sliding door is not locked - a broom handle or similar may fix
     *  The Studio is currently available for events
     *  Stu says that the ceiling needs to be fixed (a Skot hole)
         * Need to allocate $50
         * Need to find a person with the time and skills required for the repair

     *  Stu suggests a clean up day for the Artifactory
     *Studio to be disussed at next meeting when other commitee members are available

### Actions from last Time

### General Business

### Subcommitee reports

\* IT Sub-committee

    *2.5 weeks ago there was a instance where a security was questioned. For this reason Leeming changed the passwords (that give root access) but is the only who knows them at this stage.
      * Options are:
        * sudo access needs fixing
        * root passwords need recording in scratchpad
            *Stu moved, Jason Seconded, carried with one abstain
        * User access needs rationalisation (small changes)

### Other Business

      Nothing serious 

### Review of actioned items

None

Meeting Adjourned 10:39pm
