---
title: Committee Meeting - 2017-02-01
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:05:59.248Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:28:55.776Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.02.01

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Chairman's report
    4.  Treasurer's report
    5.  Other officer's reports
    6.  Subcommittee reports
    7.  Building Report
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Update on the search for other premises
3.  Other business
4.  Review of Action Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: NB, JK, SM, TP, LEM, HF
-   Observing: DS, ML
-   Apologies: TG, RC, SH
-   Absent: J-M,

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 20:08
-   Closed: 21:37
-   Next meeting: (1 March 2017 at 20:00)

### Acceptance of minutes

See: [committee_meeting_2017.01.04](/committee/committee_meeting_2017.01.04)

| Status      | IS Accepted |
|-------------|-------------|
| Moved By    | Jason       |
| Seconded By | Nick        |

Passed without dissent

### Correspondence

LEM - Lots of enquiries of interest

(Stuart) Proposed Artifactory Auspicing for

-   Pedroland from City of fremantle grant - Grant unsuccessful
-   CellF from Catalyst - Grant unsuccessful

Jason - Steam Sub and Maritime Museum, Education programs - Lem and Jason to find out more

TP - More bands interest

NB - Paul Hamilton - SW makerspace wanting to share knowledge / Jason to join in the knowledge

### Chairman's report

\- Incident with Cristian Oyarzun - need to replace blade hopefully \$30. He has cancelled his membership 1/2/17.

### Treasurer's Report

|                         | 31/01/2017    | 31/12/2016    |
|:-----------------------:|---------------|---------------|
|       NAB Balance       | \$5493.92     | \$5990.77     |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$403.93      | \$0           |
|         Balance         | **\$5897.85** | **\$5990.77** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds              |
|--------------------------------|
| Estimated Bond Value           |
| For Insurance 17/18            |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment |
| DESIRED BALANCE                |

\^

|                                 | 31/1/2017 | 31/12/2016 |                   |
|:-------------------------------:|-----------|------------|-------------------|
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2705    | \$2705     | Collected in Full |

REFUND SKOT???

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 12 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$3435     | \$4344           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/Snacks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$614      | \$1193           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations/Fundraising                             | \$50       | \$125            |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$4099** | **\$5662**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                                         |             |             |
|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease+Estimated Variable Outgoings               | -\$4224     |   -\$4224   |
| Electricity                                      | -\$409      |   -\$409    |
| Insurance (12 month average)                     | -\$0        |   -\$158    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies                  | -\$206      |   -\$301    |
| Merchant Fees                                    | -\$0        |    -\$40    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                              | -\$127      |   -\$106    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equip/Fundraising Exp) | **-\$5006** | **-\$5264** |

\^

| Fundraising Expenses# | -\$0     | \$0    |
|-----------------------|----------|--------|
| Equipment Purchases\$ | -\$78.98 | -\$398 |

\$ angle grinder \$78.98

Major Events/Other (Past Month)

    *ADUG - ~$50 + $90 PC Donation
    *Noizemaschin ~$150, 

Money Due (31/01/16)

    *Membership - ~$5025 +$1K on last months 
    *Car park hire (1 weeks)- $400 
    *Kitchenette Expenses - $80.50  
    *ADUG Jan - $50
    *LEDs - $50
    *PCs - $250

#### Membership Report

-   31 (+1) Full Members;
-   15 (+1) Concession Memberships;
-   0 (0) Studio Memberships
-   0 (0) Annual Sponsored Memberships
-   1 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   4 (-1) Band Memberships
-   0 (-1) Band + Concession Memberships

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Approve** Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due)
    -   Alastair Waddell

MOVED: Stuart SECONDED: Lemming Passed without dissent

-   **Approve / Disapprove** of New Members since last meeting
    -   CONCESSION - Kate Thresher
    -   FULL - Matthew Procter, David Skilton, Dave Marquis
    -   Band -

MOVED: Stuart SECONDED: Lemming Passed without dissent

### Other officer's reports

#### Promotions Officer - JK

\- Business Cards + Flyers Printed

\- Propel Youth Arts WA - Applied for free stall at their Festival Day will run on Saturday 8 April 2017

Guild Days - Curtin - trying to get a free stall - seems hard

\- Murdoch - no contacts, it costs to have stall

\- ECU - are still getting organised

\- UWA - no contacts, it costs to have stall

#### Fundraising JMM/StM

\- Taiko ON are back........next couple of Tuesdays

#### Event Coordinators Report

      * NoizeM - SM, TG, JMM, Skot, Meg
        * $150 - About 40 people
      * Arduino U - TG, Hugh"
        * LEM we are going to probably build are own and sell the "Artunio" still in designing/costing stage.
      * DIY Synth - Lem
        * NEXT DIY SYNTH - MARCH
      * open day - Steve
        * next week
      * ADUG - Nick & Richard Harrington
        * 5 + Donated $90 to PCs
      * Other Events

### Subcommittee reports

-   Laser subcommittee

NB mirrors/lenses are bit dirty last month. Ordered replacements Lenses/Mirrors 31/1

-   IT SubComm

LEM Door giving a less fans

-   Infrastructure

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Events

Taiko On are probably back for a couple of weeks.

### Building Report

### Area hosts Reports

      * CAD Room - Russell

LEM - tidy

      * Electronics Bench - Steve

LEM - equipment to be rack mounted.

      * Tool Room - Lemming

LEM - tidy

      * Welding - Lemming

LEM - tidy Stu - Fee sign needed

      * Band Room - Tanner

TP - recording equipment now added, equipment all accounted.

      * Stage - JMM

### Update on the search for other premises

2 Burgay \$49.5K inc GST/Outgoings. Proposed that we start formal negotiations. Bargain?

MOVED: LEM SECONDED: Stuart Passed without dissent

### Other Business

\- Mitch's offer for another 2 Cameras at \$50 a pop = \$100. \$50 for LED debt. Pay 2nd \$50 direct to Mitch. MOVED: LEM SECONDED: Stuart Passed without dissent

\- Family Membership at \$120/m? - 2 Adults + 3 Supervised Children. We've had a request from a member for a family membership as him, his wife and kids are likely to come along and sometimes at different times. \$120/m is equal to one full and one concession membership. Also we could give them two keys, but make the bond 2x membership instead of 3x. Bond \$240. RFID Tag\*2 MOVED: LEM SECONDED: Stuart Passed without dissent

Reimbursements

\- Pomotional Media - Jason K to present invoice

\- GRANT WISHLIST - The list has been published, are we happy with the final list? YES!!! APPLY FOR GRANT IN NEXT FEW DAYS. MOVED: LEM SECONDED: Jason Passed without dissent

### ACTION items

#### Resolved

ACTION (SH) To bring in old cordless drill **DONE**

ACTION (TP) to do audit of band room equipment **DONE**

ACTION (JMM) - First aid kit status (catalog and advise) **JM looked it is ok**

ACTION: RC to find out about potential lathe **No lathes**

ACTION: JK to order business cards and flyers **DONE**

ACTION: LEM to organise something like 1 day basic soldering/electronics course due to email request. **Nothing happening there**

#### New (arising from this meeting)

ACTION: LEM to followup on Burgay Crt.

ACTION: STU set up family membership

ACTION: JK - Finish Grant

#### Ongoing

ACTION (HF) to investigate arduino parts and stuff for courses & syllabus **Work in progress**

ACTION (Subcommittees) to ask for people interested in subcommittees **Ongoing**

ACTION (TG) - Manipulation of the history of core mailing list. (not yet done) Can someone else do it?

ACTION: Nick to decide what is needed for laser cutters and to get prices for next meeting. **To do**

ACTION: LEM to publish grant wish list on list to solicit donations by next wine & design **Published**
