---
title: Committee Meeting - 2017-12-30
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:07:42.832Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:31:14.061Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.12.30

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
3.  Review of Action Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Lemming, Hugh, Mel, James, Stuart, JM, Blake
-   Apologies: Tim
-   Absent: Steve, Tanner

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:10am
-   Closed: 12:50
-   Next meeting: Sat 27 Jan 2018 11am, 4 weeks

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Hugh     |
| Seconded By | JM       |

### Correspondence

-   Open source group - email to Lemming
    -   Standard event, Stephen
-   Blazing swan
    -   Wanted to rent 25sqm. Didn't want studio.
-   Land cruiser engine overhaul - not a good fit to space
-   Noisemachine
    -   Lemming to forward
-   Gift membership
    -   Canada space bought membership here for guy moving here
-   Kick start festival, some ideas:
    -   LED throwies
    -   Arduboy
-   Ring roller + mill
    -   Picked up mill
-   Kamil brought in new sander
    -   Belts and pads to be purchased - email committee list
-   NDIS paid 3 years membership
-   Aus Charities and Nonprofits application to be charity
    -   Rejected at the moment for being registered charity
    -   Provide more evidence by 9 Jan 2018
-   Band room one off usage amount
    -   One off hire \$40
    -   Liaise through Tanner
    -   JM doesn't think it will work with restrictions on paying members required to be here
-   Discussion around casual and members without keys being left in
    -   General agreement that only key holders may be left
    -   Last key holding member to leave asks all casual and non key holding members to leave
-   Braidy Street Music
    -   Asking about front room
    -   Through Aaron and emails to Stu
-   Scott wants to bring in TV
    -   Large flat screen TV - maybe mount to trolley
    -   JM - Backup option of other projector

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      * 

### Property Report

-   Hole in studio roof still to be fixed
-   Car park not flooding with rain - fixed
-   Artifactory street sign
    -   In poor repair
    -   Needs replacement

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

#### Treasurer's Report

-   Stuart
    -   Finances good
    -   Resident artist: Justin Barwick
    -   Events coming up
    -   People getting expired membership emails before renewal 3 days later. Stuart fixed it.

|                                     | 30/11/2017    | 31/10/2017     |
|:-----------------------------------:|---------------|----------------|
|             NAB Balance             | \$7483.15     | \$6236.57      |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$676.65      | \$113.45       |
|           Guthire St Bond           | \$6000        | \$6000         |
|             **Balance**             | **\$14159.8** | **\$12350.02** |
|                                     |               |                |
|        **Quarantined Funds**        | 30/11/2017    | 31/10/2017     |
|    Estimated RFID Key Bond Value    | \$8415        | \$7785         |
|         For Insurance 18/19         | \$1026        | \$912          |
|       Sound Equip Payment Due       | \$2705        | \$2705         |
|         **DESIRED BALANCE**         | **\$12146**   | **\$11402**    |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                      | Last month  | 12 month average |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                            | \$3,613     | \$3,992          |
| SpaceCash (drinks/events/venue hirer/casual) | \$2,083     | \$1,723          |
| Fund Raising/Prizes/Donations                | \$0         | \$93             |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                             | **\$5,696** | **\$5,807**      |
|                                              |             |                  |
| EXPENSES                                     | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                    | \$4,224     | \$4,258          |
| Electricity                                  | \$0         | \$303            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$1372/12)             | \$0         | \$114            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                     | \$206       | \$239            |
| Merchant Fees                                | \$0         | \$41             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees                           | \$86        | \$115            |
| Event Expenses                               | \$0         | \$51             |
| Fundraising Expenses                         | \$0         | \$26             |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment Purchases)**     | **\$4,516** | **\$5,474**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment Expenses              | \$1,180     | \$334            |
|                                              |             |                  |
|                                              | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Equipment Expenses (Below)                   |             | \$73.87          |

#### Membership Report

##### Current Status

Membership as at 2017-12-29:

-   28 (0) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   1 (+1) Family Membership
    -   Membership 1: Felicity and Scott
-   24 (+2) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   3 (0) Band Memberships
-   2 (0) Resident Artists

##### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   Ben Dixon

##### New memberships for approval

| Felicity Millman - Family                     |
|-----------------------------------------------|
| Scott Littlefair - Family                     |
| Vincent Dalstra - Concession                  |
| Liam Arbuckle - Sponsored Concession (Annual) |
| Richard Lee - Concession                      |
| Richard Wilson - Concession                   |
| Stephen Garran - Full(Annual)                 |
| Justin Barwick - Summer Resident Noize Artist |

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | James    |
| Seconded By | Mel      |

#### Bandroom Report

-   Tanner not here

### Other Officer's Reports

#### Promotions Officer Report

-   Mel
    -   Posting regularly on Facebook is having good positive impact
-   James
    -   Handed out Artifactory cards at Malaysian con
    -   Cosplay sky - might be able to promote through them
-   Lemming
    -   Nostalgia box - 3 tickets for prizes for LAN

#### Fundraising

-   Lemming
    -   January meeting - grand application to lottery west
-   Mel
    -   Bunnings BBQ - received our application - awaiting date (estimate April/May)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      * 

#### Event Coordinators Report

-   JM
    -   Event reporting form
        -   5 events - good data for events
        -   Possibly count petty cash before and after event
-   NoizeM - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel)
    -   Jean Michel
        -   Audited equipment
        -   Repaired some equipment
        -   Request a DI - \$40-50: Maybe through Aaron
        -   NoizeM going well
            -   More strictly to 10 min per session
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
    -   Hugh
        -   Standard numbers
        -   Some visitors
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lemming)
    -   Lemming
        -   Andrew nathan away until mid fed - next one March
        -   Might do an interim one where people can come in and work on their stuff
-   Open Day - (Coordinator Steve, Lemming)
    -   Lemming
        -   Leather workshop first one
        -   Very busy open day - 57 people
        -   Issue: More members early to run tours - 10am because people come before 11am start time
        -   Laser training
            -   Question on time training takes. Steve training is thorough and members are well trained

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        * 
    * ADUG - (Coordinator Richard Harrington, Stuart)
    * Cosplay - (Coordinator James, Lemming)
      * Haily - very busy, run another next month
      * Croque workshop
      * Leather workshop, feedback:
        * Request: More solid bench
        * Lemming - might be able to source stone bench
        * Classes
          * 1 first
          * 6 second
          * 5 third
      * James thinking hosting workshop
    * Other Events
      * DIY Bio
        * Glass blowering
        * Capillary action
        * Leon Harris ran event
        * 4 people attended

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   Hour metre
        -   Working
        -   20 days, 30 hours
    -   Request that people RSVP for laser maintenance sessions
    -   Update wiki for trainers
    -   Little red power
        -   Replace tube due to diminishing laser power
        -   Keep existing tube as emergency spare
    -   Kellog
        -   Kamil - Organising some parts

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        * 
    * IT Subcommittee
      * Lemming
        * Built up new PC
        * New server to be put in rack and running for LAN
        * 

### Other Business

-   Mel
    -   Housekeeping
        -   Wood donation pile was a bit out of control
        -   Put up a sign to break down skeletons and all pieces min 100x100mm
-   Nick
    -   Forklift - where did it go?
        -   Discussion about who talked to who and maybe a guy called Gary
        -   Contact details for Gary via Stuart
        -   Talk about escalating the issue
-   Aaron
    -   Music community: Hey Muso
    -   Mobile recording studio
    -   Requesting use of space for workshops/events: 30 - 50 people
    -   Bandroom and space for events
    -   Maybe Friday night
    -   Alcohol Licensing - might need to review further?
    -   Use BBQ
-   Occupancy limit - Mel
    -   Limit of 50 is driven by number of toilets
    -   Dale could find binned toilets
    -   Could build some structures out back for extra toilets
-   Box of bangs - Lemming
    -   2017 LED sign
    -   Question on event and whether public/private?
    -   Decided to post to mailing list for invite
-   3D Printer - JM
    -   Require another part to get it working
-   Kent Street rocket project - Mel
    -   Potential donation in exchange for files
-   Mel - unit next door for lease
    -   Unlikely to get good deal for renting both - probably cant afford

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      * 

### Review of Action Items

-   ACTIONS
