---
title: Committee Meeting - 2017-10-28
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:07:27.238Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:30:52.508Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.10.28

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses for reimbursement \[Excludes event/Kitchenette/Toiletries expenses\]
    2.  TidyHQ - annual pricing
    3.  Constitution rules change from state government
    4.  Lottery west grant seminar
    5.  Bunnings trades card / sponsorship
    6.  Strategic plan
    7.  Act belong commit sponsorship
    8.  Security footage -
3.  Review of Action Items
    1.  Previous min

### Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Lemming, Mel, Hugh, Blake, Stuart, Jean-Michel, Tim, Steve, Tanner
-   Apologies: James
-   Absent: None

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:15am
-   Closed: 12:55pm
-   Next meeting: Saturday 25th November, 11am (4 weeks)

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Stuart   |
| Seconded By | Blake    |

### Correspondence

-   Discuss received correspondence
-   Props workshop
    -   Put them in studio for planning?
-   Conference B sides Perth (3 Dec)
    -   Asked about interest in artifactory participating/helping about/attending
    -   Put request for interest on general list
    -   Consider sponsoring 3 month membership
-   Kent St Aviation Program - Mel
    -   Artifactory could make the rockets they currently buy
    -   Thought about logos?
-   Facebook
    -   Post every 3 days?
    -   Too much content?
    -   Consideration on how frequently to post and what content to post
    -   Put call out to members on interesting projects to post
    -   Photos - possibly get google not for profit for email and drive
-   Weekender Newsletter
    -   Free event article published on Artifactory for open day
-   Other ones:
    -   Avago? Maybe in new year for article.
    -   ABC Perth?

### Property Report

-   New plumbing installed (Dale)
-   Thoughts about hot water?
    -   Gas heater?
    -   Solar hot water?
    -   Piping considerations
    -   Landlord approval - should be ok
-   Hole in ceilings
    -   Hole in studio room
    -   Action - Lemming to fix hole
    -   Motion - \$50 allowed for incidentals to fix
-   Workshop rearrangement
    -   Electronics into studio and joint use as media room
        -   Benches as size to fit through door
        -   Basic bench outside studio (e.g. Arduino U)
        -   Consider separable equipment and benches
    -   Material trolleys to electronics
    -   Toolwall to side of machine room
    -   Action - Lemming to do plan

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Lemming gave update

#### Treasurer's Report

-   Stuart gave update

|                         | 30/09/2017     | 31/08/2017   |
|-------------------------|----------------|--------------|
| NAB Balance             | \$5860.09      | \$6460.67    |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$423.69       | \$157.82     |
| Guthrie St Bond         | \$6000         | \$6000       |
| Balance                 | **\$12283.78** | **12618.49** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds                     |
|---------------------------------------|
| Estimated RFID Key Members Bond Value |
| For Insurance 18/19                   |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment        |
| DESIRED BALANCE                       |

\^

|                                 | 30/09/2-17 | 31/08/2017 |                                          |
|:-------------------------------:|------------|------------|------------------------------------------|
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2705     | \$2705     | Collected in Full - REFUND SKOT? Not yet |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 12 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$2810     | \$3683           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/Snacks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$1455     | \$1375           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations/Fundraising                             | \$300      | \$143            |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$4565** | **\$5201**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                                         |             |             |
|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease+Estimated Variable Outgoings               | -\$4224     |   -\$4258   |
| Electricity (bimonthly)                          | -\$0        |   -\$305    |
| Insurance (12 month average)                     | -\$0        |   -\$114    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies                  | -\$206      |   -\$228    |
| Merchant Fees (bimonthly sometimes)              | -\$40       |    -\$43    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                              | -\$79       |    -\$81    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equip/Fundraising Exp) | **-\$4550** | **-\$5030** |

\^

| Equipment Purchases\$ | -\$0 | -\$83 |
|-----------------------|------|-------|
| Fundraising Expenses# | -\$0 | -\$85 |

Incidental expenses:

-   Stuart \$40. Moved: Tim, Second: Mel

#### Membership Report

-   **Approve** Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due)

Ben McCarthy, Matthew Procter - Noted that membership cancelled

Ben Dixon is coming up to 90days - If anyone knows him please contact

-   **Approve** of New Members since last meeting -
    -   CONCESSION - Doug Usher, John Parry
    -   FULL - Megan, Jon Myers, Alistar Waddell
    -   BAND -

MOVED: Blake SECONDED: Jean-Michel

20170904

-   29 (+3) Full Members;
-   17 (-2) Concession Memberships;
-   5 (0) Band Memberships
-   1 (0) The Residency

### Other officer's reports

#### Bandroom Report

-   Tanner
-   Smoke detector needs battery
-   Light fitting needs work

#### Event Coordinator

-   Elect: Jean-Michel

#### Promotions Officer(s)

-   Elect: Mel

#### Fundraising

-   Bunnings
    -   Sausage sizzle - Mel to book Innaloo (waiting list)
    -   Trades card
    -   Sponsorship

#### Event Coordinators Report

-   Noise Machine: Stuart/Tim/Jean-Michel
-   Arduino U: Hugh/Doug
-   DIY Synths: Lemming
-   Open Day: Steve/Lemming
-   ADUG: Richard Harrington/Stuart
-   Cosplay: James? To be confirmed by Lemming

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Other Events
    -   Schneider event
        -   Left over kits available for Arduino U
        -   Profit for space approx \$700
    -   Dale's recording session
        -   Profit \$100

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Upcoming events
    -   City Stirling workshop

### Sub-Committee Reports

Arduino - Hugh

-   Unordered List Item

Laser - Lemming

-   Kellog new laser cutter
    -   Flaky controller - possibly software from people at UWA
    -   Also could get alternate controller
    -   Works required to make it class 1 laser (locked access to panels)
-   Maintenance

IT - Lemming

-   New server - waiting on drives

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

### Agenda Items

### Other Business

Lottery West Seminar (Nov 10)

-   Who can attend? Steve, Lemming
-   Put call out to others
-   How to get grants

Magnus

-   Consider appointing as Ambassador to Artifactory (honorary membership)
-   Promote Artifactory at events he attends
-   Facebook stream event - science demos
    -   Lemming organising fume-hood from Scitech
-   Add as artist residency with obligations:
    -   to promote artifactory
    -   MC noise machine at least 1 time every 3 months
-   Stuart updated TidyHQ list
-   Moved: Tim, Second: Lemming
-   Will be issued with key

TidyHQ

-   Our number of contacts push us into Basic membership \$39/month
-   Voted to accept the cost for basic memebship
-   Moved: Stuart, Second: Tim

Consitution Rules Change

-   Stuart propose to review (with Blake)

Strategic Plan

-   Stuart to follow up (with Mel)
-   Survey of members

### Review of Action Items
