---
title: 2017-04-12
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:06:24.348Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:29:30.086Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.04.12

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Chairman's report
    4.  Treasurer's report
    5.  Other officer's reports
    6.  Subcommittee reports
    7.  Building Report
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Appointment/Resignation of the Secretary
    2.  Insurance 31/3/17 - 30/4/18
    3.  Theft
    4.  Members RFID Tag suspension
    5.  Vending Machine (MK)
    6.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
3.  Review of Action Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: LEM, JK, JM, HF, SM, NB
-   Observing: MK, GM, G
-   Apologies: SH, TG
-   Absent: TP,

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 20:00 12/4/17
-   Closed:
-   Next meeting:

### Acceptance of minutes

See: [committee_meeting_2017.03.01](/committee/committee_meeting_2017.03.01)

| Status      | IS Accepted?? |
|-------------|---------------|
| Moved By    | JM            |
| Seconded By | SM            |

PASSED without dissent

### Correspondence

1.  (LEM) HTC Vive visited hoping us to be VR hub. They will get back to us.
2.  (LEM) SpaceToco contacted us, they a are airbnb for making space available for meeting to rent. No interest given current building
3.  (LEM) 18/08 STEM conference @ Penhros College
4.  (LEM) Hacker Day - World Create Day 22/4 - No real interest but they are welcome to come to hacker space.
5.  (LEM) Curtin Pedal Prix are back \$500 for four months for their vehicle build again.
6.  (NB) 3D Makers(West Coast Makers) having an enthusiast 23rd April
7.  (MK) LJBC - PCs maybe available. PCs are small.

### Chairman's report

1.  From RIO T. C/O Neil L. 5 Servers, 3 network switches, address label printers, power boards, ID card printer(need ribbon). 2 tablet PCs. Rack mounts for electronic workbench.
2.  PCs yet to hear back from David S.

### Treasurer's Report

|                         | 31/03/2017     | 28/02/2017     |
|:-----------------------:|----------------|----------------|
|       NAB Balance       | \$4109.32      | \$3407.86      |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$264.26       | \$719.60       |
|     Guthire St Bond     | \$6000.00      | \$6000         |
|    Burgay Court Bond    | \$0            | \$1500.00      |
|         Balance         | **\$10373.58** | **\$11627.46** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds                     |
|---------------------------------------|
| Estimated RFID Key Members Bond Value |
| For Insurance 18/19                   |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment        |
| DESIRED BALANCE                       |

\^

|                                 | 31/3/2017 | 28/02/2017 |                   |
|:-------------------------------:|-----------|------------|-------------------|
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2705    | \$2705     | Collected in Full |

REFUND SKOT???

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 12 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$3340     | \$4155           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/Snacks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$1747     | \$1237           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations/Fundraising                             | \$0        | \$68             |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$5087** | **\$5459**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                                         |             |             |
|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease+Estimated Variable Outgoings               | -\$4224     |   -\$4224   |
| Electricity (bimonthly)                          | -\$0        |   -\$413    |
| Insurance (12 month average)                     | -\$1372     |   -\$114    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies                  | -\$205      |   -\$299    |
| Merchant Fees (bimonthly sometimes)              | -\$80       |    -\$40    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                              | -\$72       |   -\$106    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equip/Fundraising Exp) | **-\$5953** | **-\$5147** |

\^

| Fundraising Expenses# | -\$0   | \$85   |
|-----------------------|--------|--------|
| Equipment Purchases\$ | -\$315 | -\$480 |

\- 2\*cameras=\$100, Fan and Enclosed PolyCarb Flanage \$31.90, PCBs \$111.92, RFID reader bits \$71.32

Major Events/Other (Past Month)

    *ADUG - ~$90
    *Noizemaschin ~$275 Including surplus stock. 
    *Mod Synth $400
    *Cosplay $150 from the 2 workshops.

Money Due (12/04)

    *Membership - ~$4650 steady on last months 
    *PCs - $20
    *Swancon $135
    *Curtin Pedal Prix $500
    *KickstART $400
    *Tool Usage $96

#### Membership Report

11/04/17

-   29 (-1) Full Members;
-   13 (0) Concession Memberships;
-   1 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   5 (0) Band Memberships

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Approve** Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due) - **NONE**

MOVED: SECONDED:

-   **Approve / Disapprove** of New Members since last meeting -
    -   CONCESSION - Andrey Alexandrov
    -   FULL - Duncan Maade
    -   BAND - None

MOVED: LEM SECONDED: JK PASSED without dissent

### Other officer's reports

#### Promotions Officer - JK

1.  Kickstart booth/stall 8/4/17. @Perth Cultural Centre Lots of interest from Schools and Scitech person. Gadgets by MK and HF appreciated. LEM and JK manned
2.  ECU ArduinoU 26/4.

Waive Drop in fee. MOVED: NB SECONDED: HF

#### Fundraising JMM/StM

1.  \$400 for the Kickstart mob for equip hire.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  Working on the grant. Need annual report to be finished and then up to 3 months before we hear anything.

#### Event Coordinators Report

      * NoizeM - SM, TG, JMM, Skot, Meg - 
        * Was good - Stew Sheppard ran curated
      * Arduino U - TG, Hugh"
        * Quiet at the last one
      * DIY Synth - Lem
         * Big crowd 33 non-members
      * open day - Steve
        * 
      * ADUG - Nick & Richard Harrington
        * 
      * Other Events

### Subcommittee reports

-   Laser subcommittee
    -   add Glenn Martin to subcommittee

MOVED: LEM SECONDED: NB Approved.

      *LEM - requesting that status Laser emailed to the list when maintenance is performed.  LEM to ask JimM to do
      *LEM - Motion that members who wish to be added to a subcommittee list for receiving mail from that list can.

MOVED: HF SECONDED: SM PASSED without dissent

-   IT SubComm
    -   (LEM) plan to change the server to a better one once we've got the hard drives and RAM. Long term project....

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Infrastructure
    -   (LEM) RFID parts are recieved to build RFID boards...
    -   2 additional cameras added
    -   front door seems to play up a bit
    -   make a hard copy of problems and send to George
    -   Drains cleaned

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Events
    -   last week of April 25th-27th 3 big events

### Building Report

### Area hosts Reports

      * CAD Room - Russell
      * Electronics Bench - Steve - A mess (LEM)
      * Tool Room - Lemming
      * Welding - Lemming
        * need to bolt down grinder...........STILL TO DO
      * Band Room - Tanner
      * Stage - JMM

### 2 Burgay Court - Update and questions to be answered

CANCELLED - Owners withdrew offer.

### Other Business

      - Members RFID Tag suspension by committee.
        - Discussion about suspension over the following points
        - Making changes to the fixtures of the premises without seeking permission or notifying the committee.
        - Using an open flame to cook food inside the space.
        - Claiming multiple lockers in the space
        - Leaving large amounts of food etc in the fridge and other areas
        - Taking up large amounts of floor and/or desk space without prior approval.
        - Member "no one will help me re-swarf-o-mat
        - Committee asked member to use our communication methods that Artifactory uses 

Proposal "restore members RFID access" MOVED: LEM SECONDED: NB Approved.

      - Appointment/Resignation of the Secretary
        - SteveH had to step.

Hugh F nominated MOVED: LEM SECONDED: NB Unaminous.

      - Insurance 31/3/17 - 30/4/18
        - Note that Duty of Care rules

      - Theft
        - 3TB external disappeared for security
        - float $300 stolen Between Noize and ModSynth March
        - we got no idea how or when SO
        - Do we go external drive for backup....$8US a month... Possibly funded by doing VM
        - MK donated a 1TB drive. THANK YOU!!!
        - RFID access to go on office. Goal before next meeting (LEM)
      - Vending Machine (MK)
        - (MK) Working and full of snacks / RFID to future enable for snack dispensing and loading cash / Can change prices online. Fully documented on Wiki.  Committee has access to backup key.  Coin system to hopefully be up and running.
      - Any expenses/For reimbursement
        - (MK)Reimburse for snacks stock for vending machine - same as fridge system
        - (MK)mouse traps $16- 

MOVED: LEM SECONDED: NB Expense approved by all

        - Buy 4 sheets 10*2440*1220 clear stuff for selling for laser cutters.  $220.  Plan to sell in quarters for $50 BUCKS EACH

Expense approved by all. (MK) to be acquire.

### ACTION items

#### Resolved

#### New (arising from this meeting)

#### Ongoing

ACTION (HF) to investigate arduino parts and stuff for courses & syllabus **Work in progress**

ACTION (Subcommittees) to ask for people interested in subcommittees **Ongoing**

ACTION (TG) - Manipulation of the history of core mailing list. (not yet done) Can someone else do it?

ACTION: Nick to decide what is needed for laser cutters and to get prices for next meeting. **To do**

ACTION: JK - Finish Grant
