---
title: 2017-06-07
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:06:43.064Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:29:53.671Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.06.07

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
3.  Review of Action Items

### Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Lemming, Russel, Stuart, Steve, Jason, J-M, Nick
-   Observing: Tim, Mitch, Byford Maker Space proposed
-   Apologies: Hugh, Tanner,
-   Absent:

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: OPEN 8:15pm
-   Closed: CLOSE 21:39
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING, n weeks

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER          |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER       |

### Correspondence

-   Curtin Engineering HPV team are back - LEM
-   City of Stirling - 21st June - Come to chat with us more about Arts activation. - LEM
-   2nd attempt Address being changed for ATO - ATO didn't like our short hand for names in the minutes and wants some signatures on the minutes. - STU
-   Simone Giertz - robot guru - maker guru - possibly doing events here in August - LEM

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

1.  Good open day - it was pumping

### Treasurer's Report

|                         | 31/05/2017     | 30/04/2017     |
|-------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance             | \$5857.42      | \$4489.26      |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$403.93       | \$148.77       |
| Guthrie St Bond         | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| Balance                 | **\$12265.31** | **\$10638.03** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds                     |
|---------------------------------------|
| Estimated RFID Key Members Bond Value |
| For Insurance 18/19                   |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment        |
| DESIRED BALANCE                       |

\^

|                                 | 31/05/2-17 | 30/4/2017 |                                    |
|:-------------------------------:|------------|-----------|------------------------------------|
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2705     | \$2705    | Collected in Full - REFUND SKOT??? |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 12 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$4010     | \$4082           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/Snacks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$1560     | \$1288           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations/Fundraising                             | \$0        | \$144            |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$5570** | **\$5514**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                                         |             |             |
|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease+Estimated Variable Outgoings               | -\$4224     |   -\$4224   |
| Electricity (bimonthly)                          | -\$0        |   -\$320    |
| Insurance (12 month average)                     | -\$0        |   -\$114    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies                  | -\$206      |   -\$273    |
| Merchant Fees (bimonthly sometimes)              | -\$0        |    -\$40    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                              | -\$89       |    -\$89    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equip/Fundraising Exp) | **-\$4518** | **-\$5060** |

\^

| Fundraising Expenses# | -\$0 | \$85   |
|-----------------------|------|--------|
| Equipment Purchases\$ | -\$0 | -\$382 |

Major Events/Other (Past Month)

    *ADUG - $100
    *Noizemaschin ~$450
    *Mod Synth ~$330
    *PikaPi Workshop ~$100 
    *Audio Hire $400

Money Due (07/06)

    *Membership - ~$4690 steady on last months 
    *PCs - $20
    *Tool Usage $96
    *ADUG May $100

#### Membership Report

20170607

-   32 (+1) Full Members;
-   20 (+5) Concession Memberships;
-   1 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   6 (+1) Band Memberships

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due) -

MOVED: SECONDED:

-   **Approve / Disapprove** of New Members since last meeting -
    -   CONCESSION - Addam Eid, Kamil Seda, Joseph Ang, Tim G
    -   FULL - Skylar Ekamper, Gavin Williams, Shayne Jones, Simon Haynes
    -   BAND - Dimwitted Teens

MOVED: LEM SECONDED: Jason

### Other officer's reports

#### Bandroom Report

N/A

#### Promotions Officer

     * Supanova - 23-25th June - Bump in Midday Friday
     * Lots of gadgets gimmicks / 

#### Fundraising JMM/StM

1.  making stuff for supanova

#### Event Coordinators Report

      * NoizeM - (Coordinators SM, TG, JMM, Skot) 
          * MOd Synth performing - great big crowd
      * Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
        -* Still working on kit - LEM
      * DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lem)
          * awesome (LEM)
      * Open Day - (Coordinator Steve)
          * great crowd
      * ADUG - (Coordinator Nick & Richard Harrington)
          * went well as usual 
      * Cosplay - (Coordinator Lem)
          * 10
      * Other Events
          * NONE

### Sub-Committee Reports

Laser

-   \$70.45 Lens
-   Lots of lens talk about and cutting well

IT

-   LEM - still working on new proposed rules for IT subcommittee

### Agenda Items

### General Business

-   Locker Labels Done

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Spend money on another 1000 flyers and business cards again - ALL AGREED - \~170 give or take
-   All Agreed that acting Chair Lemming has been acting like the Chair since December - ALL AGREED
-   Do we to ask Tim to come back onto the committee - there are reservations(and not just from Tim) - but people say yes - All Agreed
-   STEVE moves that Lemming is Chair seconded by Russell.
-   Deputy Chair spot is vacant - Who will fill this important role?
-   Nick moves that Tim be deputy Chair and seconded by Lemming. Tim accepts. There are reservations(and not just from Tim) - But all agree.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   New glossy report on 2015-16 - JM to do before June end. Stu to proof read numbers.

### Review of Action Items

ACTION (HF) to investigate arduino parts and stuff for courses & syllabus **Work in progress**

ACTION (Subcommittees) to ask for people interested in subcommittees **Ongoing**

ACTION: (JK) - Finish Grant - JM to take on.

ACTION: RFID for office (LEM) To do

ACTION: Vending Machine (MK) - (Not working)
