---
title: Committee Meeting - 2017-11-25
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:07:34.034Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:31:03.880Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.11.25

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
3.  Review of Action Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Hugh, Lemming, Jean-Michel, James, Tim, Blake, Stuart, Steve
-   Apologies: Tanner, Mel
-   Absent: None

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:15
-   Closed: 12:09
-   Next meeting: 30 Dec 2018, 11am

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted    |
|-------------|-------------|
| Moved By    | Hugh        |
| Seconded By | Jean-Michel |

### Correspondence

-   Aus Charities paperwork submitted. Should here back 12 Dec.
-   Bed shop: bed frames available
-   Leather workshops - Dec
-   Disabilities center coming in to look for space for activity
-   Warehouse space question - not really suitable for artifactory
-   Mill to be picked up in Forestfield
-   Ring roller available for loan to Artifactory
-   Kelly Price - Margot - handover for council meeting

### Property Report

-   Hole in ceiling
-   Band room AC
    -   proposal to redirect to front room
    -   Other idea - hole through wall
    -   Other idea - redirect

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Good signups
-   Events went well
    -   Croquet workshop - front room
    -   Foam workshop - main area
    -   BBQ
    -   At least one artifactory member per event

#### Treasurer's Report

-   Committee insurance
    -   To be investigated
-   Changes required for government rules
    -   Stu and Blake to investigate
-   Jean Michel
    -   Suggest we introduce Code of Conduct so people feel safe in the space as part of next major changes
-   Lemming
    -   Consider changing to longer committee terms (2yrs)

|                                     | 31/10/2017     | 30/9/2017      |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance                         | \$6236.57      | \$5860.09      |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$113.45       | \$423.69       |
| Guthire St Bond                     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| **Balance**                         | **\$12350.02** | **\$12283.78** |
|                                     |                |                |
| **Quarantined Funds**               | 31/10/2017     | 30/9/2017      |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value       | \$7785         | \$8055         |
| For Insurance 18/19                 | \$912          | \$798          |
| Sound Equip Payment Due             | \$2705         | \$2705         |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                 | **\$11402**    | **\$11558**    |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                      | Last month  | 12 month average |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                            | \$3,585     | \$3,916          |
| SpaceCash (drinks/events/venue hirer/casual) | \$2,007     | \$1,682          |
| Fund Raising/Prizes/Donations                | \$150       | \$123            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                             | **\$5,742** | **\$5,721**      |
|                                              |             |                  |
| EXPENSES                                     | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                    | \$4,224     | \$4,610          |
| Electricity                                  | \$504       | \$364            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$1372/12)             | \$0         | \$114            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                     | \$126       | \$232            |
| Merchant Fees                                | \$55        | \$52             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees                           | \$409       | \$143            |
| Event Expenses                               | \$617       | \$103            |
| Fundraising Expenses                         | \$0         | \$31             |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment Purchases)**     | **\$5,936** | **\$5,618**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment Expenses              | -\$194      | \$103            |
|                                              |             |                  |
|                                              | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Equipment Expenses (Below)                   |             | \$73.87          |

#### Membership Report

23/11/17

-   28 (-1) Full Members;
-   22 (+5) Concession Memberships;
-   3 (-2) Band Memberships
-   2 (+1) The Residency

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Approve** Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due)

MOVED: Lemming

SECONDED: James

-   **Approve** of New Members since last meeting -
    -   CONCESSION - Caleb Hicks, Loren Hughes, Jamieson Quin
    -   FULL - James Palmer, Roland Adeney, Simon Gray
    -   BAND - None

MOVED: Lemming

SECONDED: James

#### Bandroom Report

-   Smoke detector, requires new battery

### Other officer's reports

-   Jean-Michel Events
    -   Event form to be filled out during events - sent out for review
    -   Noise Machine
        -   Went well
        -   Push for more diversity
        -   Maybe get radio to broadcast one - maybe Feb
    -   Resident artist
    -   Jean-Michel Recital
    -   Arduino U going well
    -   Open day - successful
-   Lemming
    -   BBQ bunnings - mel organising - March 2018
    -   Radio interview went well

#### Promotions Officer

#### Event Coordinators Report

-   NoizeM - (Coordinators SM, TG, JMM, Skot, Meg)
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
    -   Kits available
    -   Going well
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lem)
    -   Went well. Very busy.
    -   Maybe need more tables
    -   Maybe use front studio
    -   Off for Jan/Feb
-   Open Day - (Coordinator Steve)
    -   Quite a few visitors
    -   Few members laser training
    -   Idea - have people doing project work - is done to some extent
-   ADUG - (Coordinator Nick & Richard Harrington)
    -   All good
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator Lem)
    -   Going well
-   Other Events
    -   Croquet went well

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   IT Lemming
    -   Parts for server
        -   Donated RAM available for pickup
    -   Wiki/Website
        -   Considering moving to different platform
        -   Consider getting VPS so we can manage it
-   Plumbing
    -   Dale fixed toilet
-   3D Printer
    -   New extruder - off brand replacement - petty cash. Moved: Jean-Michel, Second: Lemming
    -   Make sign for fees - Jean-Michel

### General Business

-   Magnus
    -   Sharing social media and promoting
