---
title: 2017-05-10
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:06:33.766Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:29:41.926Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.05.10

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Swan Community Workshops
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
    2.  Dan Exit
    3.  Improving

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      - 
      - 
      - 
    - Review of Action Items

### Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: LEM MK Tanner NB STU
-   Apologies: Steve
-   Absent: JM, Russell

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: OPEN Wednesday 20170510-2040
-   Closed: CLOSE Wednesday 20170510-2220
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING, 4 weeks, Wednesday 20170607-2000

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER LEM      |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER HRF   |

1 abstain, 3 yes, 1 no NB questioned accuracy of the minutes concerning dispute and censure

### Correspondence

-   CORRESPONDENCE
-   Nothing major
-   ECU sent thank note regarding Arduino evening the were very happy and hope to continue with events in the future
-   SwanCon happy with hiring gear
-   E-mail from swapcard - not worth chasing
-   Perth review video made which Lemming being interviewed; videos were out of focus, Lemming may send stills
-   Hayley wants another cos-play workshop Monday 20170515
-   Mike O'Hanlon 220 Pier street property, no discussion on price or Sq-m area 2400sq m lots that
-   Lots of good feedback from our May Open Day, Saturday 20170506
-   Address being changed for ATO

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY
-   Don fixed the Tap out the back, (LEM says no leaks inside)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON
-   Good month 25 people at the open day
-   2 new members

### Treasurer's Report

|                         | 30/04/2017     | 31/03/2017     |
|:-----------------------:|----------------|----------------|
|       NAB Balance       | \$4489.26      | \$4109.32      |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$148.77       | \$264.26       |
|     Guthrie St Bond     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
|         Balance         | **\$10638.03** | **\$10373.58** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds                     |
|---------------------------------------|
| Estimated RFID Key Members Bond Value |
| For Insurance 18/19                   |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment        |
| DESIRED BALANCE                       |

\^

|                                 | 30/04/2-17 | 31/3/2017 |                                    |
|:-------------------------------:|------------|-----------|------------------------------------|
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2705     | \$2705    | Collected in Full - REFUND SKOT??? |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 12 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$3985     | \$4141           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/Snacks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$1369     | \$1255           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations/Fundraising                             | \$0        | \$76             |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$5345** | **\$5472**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                                         |             |             |
|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease+Estimated Variable Outgoings               | -\$4224     |   -\$4224   |
| Electricity (bimonthly)                          | -\$661      |   -\$333    |
| Insurance (12 month average)                     | -\$0        |   -\$114    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies                  | -\$285      |   -\$270    |
| Merchant Fees (bimonthly sometimes)              | -\$40       |    -\$40    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                              | -\$87       |    -\$91    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equip/Fundraising Exp) | **-\$5297** | **-\$5073** |

\^

| Fundraising Expenses# | -\$0     | \$0    |
|-----------------------|----------|--------|
| Equipment Purchases\$ | -\$18.67 | -\$442 |

Mousetrap \$18.67

Major Events/Other (Past Month)

    *ADUG - $80
    *Noizemaschin ~$470
    *ECU ~$30
    *Mod Synth ~$390
    * **Cosplay ~$ was there any in April?**

Money Due (12/04)

    *Membership - ~$4845 steady on last months 
    *PCs - $20
    *Curtin Pedal Prix $500
    *KickstART $400
    *Tool Usage $96

#### Membership Report

20170510

-   31 (+2) Full Members;
-   15 (+2) Concession Memberships;
-   1 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   5 (0) Band Memberships

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due) - Stefan Hoffman

MOVED: Stu SECONDED: Lem

-   **Approve / Disapprove** of New Members since last meeting -
    -   CONCESSION - Ben McCarthy, Ho Ho, Cyra Locsin
    -   FULL - Ben Hogan, Siavash Noorbakhsh, Andrew Leitch
    -   BAND -

Lockers: No List so far from Steve, Russell not seen lately who was labelling them

MOVED: Stu SECONDED: LEM

### Other officer's reports

Tanner asking on behalf of James from Sunshine Punch to do a 2-band membership 3 rehearsals a month believes the rehearsals will be consecutive on the same day -

LEM: Can Tanner talk to bands about more gigs here? (Capacity 50 but with prior notice can expand to 100 by hiring portaloo)

#### Promotions Officer

#### Fundraising JMM/StM

1.  Stu will redo figures for JM and Jason's report (doing latest month)

#### Event Coordinators Report

      * NoizeM - (Coordinators SM, TG, JMM, Skot, Meg)  most $ due to Blazing Swan 
        
      * Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
      
      * DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lem) 31 non members Dave Faleti cut 12 cases, LEM: can look at pre-made cases. Noize Machin for DIY Synth coming up, STU talking changing dates due to conflicts, Dan moving out may free up space for ADUG and prevent conflicts
         
      * Open Day - (Coordinator Steve), lots of people, LEM guiding 10 people at one stage, created new memberships from it.

      * ADUG(WA) - (Coordinator Richard Harrington, sometimes Nick) Scott Hollows is secondary contact but need Artifactory member to get the money and organise
        * April meeting paid for 9 day members + Richard (monthly subscription)
        * This month is ADUG National conference on their usual third-Tuesday slot, meeting moved to Tuesday 20170523: penciled in

      * Cosplay - **15th May yet to be added to calendar**(Coordinator Lem) Hayley brings tools and just needs tables setup

      * Other Events

### Sub-Committee Reports

Laser Committee had a meeting

      * NB stepped down as secretary and Jim is now secretary
      * http://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=subcommittee:laser-minutes-20170503
      * Lemming suggested 2x 50.8 lenses for part order
      * MK: Maintenance Training should not be done unless a laser safety officer is presence
      * Lemming: restrict number of Maintainers
      * NB: no need to discuss this in this meeting
      * Have 3 safety officers 
      * STU: defer the topic?
      * MK: look into legal requirements, thinks LSO is required for some maintenance actions
      * STU: proposed to defer until radiation safety authority council documentation is available MK to get information  LEM: Seconded
      * STU: to consult with Steve as 3rd LSO
      * LEM: if the lens is the changed, an announcement needs to go out on the mailing list MK Jims responsibility
      * STU: Lasercutter is making good $
       

IT sub committee

     * LEM wants 1 person as arbiter of decisions
     * LEM wants equipment cost for servers and UPS on grant
       * Door access required manual intervention due to power outage
     * Committee disbanded subcommittee (6c of previous minutes) due to inactivity
     * LEM to write up and propose his preferred rules for IT Committee

Infrastructure

     * Got a mouse in the mouse trap

### Agenda Items

     * There are no expenses requiring re-imbursement

### General Business

     *LEM investigating Bamboo ply sheets
     *STU Dan exit, looking for new member/tenants, alternatively double efforts on relocation
     *MK People cut PVC on laser cutter.
     *MK 1TB drive is on the server archive \nvr2 in unison, individual account can mean settings are lost so use artifactory committee account 
     *LEM NoizeMachin!! residency Proposes offering to Claude. Free Membership for 3 month. 
     *Every 3 months the Artifactory kindly allows a panel-selected Audio Artist 3 months membership, with guaranteed NM performances slots.  The Artist is to build whacky things or engage with the Artifactory in some way, and demonstrate their inventions at NoizeMachin!!.

### ACTION items

#### Resolved

#### New (arising from this meeting)

#### Ongoing

ACTION (HF) to investigate arduino parts and stuff for courses & syllabus **Work in progress**

ACTION (Subcommittees) to ask for people interested in subcommittees **Ongoing**

ACTION (TG) - Manipulation of the history of core mailing list. (not yet done) Can someone else do it?

ACTION: Nick to decide what is needed for laser cutters and to get prices for next meeting. **To do**

ACTION: (JK) - Finish Grant

ACTION: (MK) - acrylic sheets

     * all decent sheets had been taken so not worth it

ACTION: RFID for office

ACTION: Vending Machine (MK)
