---
title: 2017-09-03
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:07:10.723Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:30:30.365Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.09.03

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      -
      - 
      - 
      - 
      - 
    - Review of Action Items

### Agenda Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present:Nick, Lemming, Tanner, Jean Michelle, Stu
-   Apologies: Russel
-   Absent:

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: OPEN 20:45
-   Closed: CLOSE 22:23
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING, AGM 30/9/17 11am (Announce 9/9/17 and call out for new events)

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected | Accepted |
|-------------|-------------------|----------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER          | Nick     |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER       | Tanner   |

### Correspondence

-   CORRESPONDENCE
-   Dale - Donated \$50 - Also wants to do recordings - wants exclusive use of the space one evening \$200-250 floated, drinks etc,
-   Someone was looking for employees, (Spikelights), concensus was not
-   General questions about laser cutters
-   Lemming looking at getting box o bangs ready for robofaire
-   Grow room Lemming might get in tough to drop flyers - there for at least 2 months

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY
-   Jason using Metal drop saw, breaker would not reset for some time, extension cord, try to get Martin to have a look at it.
-   Front Door has a problem seems to have dropped

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

#### Treasurer's Report

### Treasurer's Report

|                         | 31/07/2017   | 30/06/2017   |
|-------------------------|--------------|--------------|
| NAB Balance             | \$6460.67    | \$7402.36    |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$157.82     | \$301.74     |
| Guthrie St Bond         | \$6000       | \$6000       |
| Balance                 | **12618.49** | **13704.10** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds                     |
|---------------------------------------|
| Estimated RFID Key Members Bond Value |
| For Insurance 18/19                   |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment        |
| DESIRED BALANCE                       |

\^

|                                 | 31/08/2-17 | 31/7/2017 |                                    |
|:-------------------------------:|------------|-----------|------------------------------------|
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2705     | \$2705    | Collected in Full - REFUND SKOT??? |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 12 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$2930     | \$3850           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/Snacks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$1528     | \$1377           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations/Fundraising                             | \$0        | \$122            |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$4458** | **\$5309**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                                         |             |             |
|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease+Estimated Variable Outgoings               | -\$4635     |   -\$4224   |
| Electricity (bimonthly)                          | -\$528      |   -\$338    |
| Insurance (12 month average)                     | -\$0        |   -\$114    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies                  | -\$127      |   -\$255    |
| Merchant Fees (bimonthly sometimes)              | -\$82       |    -\$39    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                              | -\$55       |    -\$82    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equip/Fundraising Exp) | **-\$5428** | **-\$5053** |

\^

| Fundraising Expenses# | -\$0 | \$85  |
|-----------------------|------|-------|
| Equipment Purchases\$ | -\$0 | -\$83 |

Expenses

-   none

Major Events/Other Revenue (Past Month)

    *ADUG $110
    *Sparkco $300
    *WA Poets $200
    *Noizemaschin ~$250
    *Mod Synth ~$420

Money Due (as of 20170802)

    *Membership - $??????  
    *ADUG - $110 July, $100 Aug 

#### Membership Report

20170904

-   26 (-1) Full Members;
-   19 (0) Concession Memberships;
-   0 (0) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   5 (0) Band Memberships
-   1 (0) The Residency

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due) -

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Approve / Disapprove** of New Members since last meeting - NONE
    -   CONCESSION - Dennis Collins
    -   FULL - Blake Samuals
    -   BAND -
    -   The Residency - Sami Bluebird

MOVED: Lemming SECONDED: JM Carried unanimously

#### Bandroom Report

5 bands - need to boulster numbers 6 or more ideal Bands find the doors are left open when other people out in the space leave

### Other officer's reports

#### Promotions Officer

      * Waiting to hear back from Estelle about the strategic Plan
      * Last month for the Annual Report - is with Tim but not back - Lemming offered to proof read
      * Stu suggests getting Mission Statements, Core Values etc from Strategic plan and putting in the Annual Report

#### Fundraising JMM/StM

    -$80 random Donations at NM74 

#### Event Coordinators Report

      * NoizeM - (Coordinators SM, TG, JMM, Skot, Meg) 
         * Need Residency publicised
         * Mention bandrooms
         *   
      * Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
         Kits 40x at Approx $400
         
      * DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lem)
         * 36 Non members
         * Nathan now has a key - Just for ModSynth - 
         * Suggestion that if persons are running a regular event then allow them to get a key.  (Same for Richard Harrington / Hayley).  Voted on a case by case basis. Reserve the right to revoke. 
         * Lemming Moves 
         * JM seconded
         * Nick abstained,
         
      * Open Day - (Coordinator Steve)

      * ADUG - (Coordinator Nick & Richard Harrington)
      
      * Cosplay - (Coordinator Lem)

      * Other Events
      * Sparc Co paid - here a couple of hours
      * WA Poet - were happy but not much on the bar.  Annual event.  

### Sub-Committee Reports

\* Laser subcommittee

-   Need incentives to get people doing maintainence
-   A few people there regularly
-   Glen has been involved with some students - can we provide discount on Laser Time
-   Laser Maintenence needs to be done when others are here to ensure the due time is spent

\* IT Subcommitee

-   root password have been changed and put on Scratchpad
-   Router hasn't been changed
-   If Users need access can contact Lemming
-   Snoopy is on to log commands to a hidden Log and backed up
-   Cant login as root - need to login as user
-   Server from Mitch has 4 Drives bays and 2.5 inch disks are \$250 each and no RAM
-   Small group people on IT commitee have not been present

### Agenda Items

\* Exclusive Access

-   Put in the Calendar and members that turn up can be refered to it
-   Noize Maschin has asked laser users not to at times
-   Dale - Floated the idea of \$200 +\$10 per non member
    -   People may walk in and interrupt, even if members are informed
-   Schneider exclusive access Lemming floated the idea of : 50x people @\$10 with \$100 for exclusive access
    -   Parking Issue - Follow up with Don and Other tenents
-   Case by case

### General Business

\* JM: Front Room not being used \* JM Will contact record lable for potential sub-leasing

\* AGM Announce due out 9/9 (Secretary to email out) \* JM will put it into ibooks, need pdf, final copy locked

### Review of Action Items

None
