---
title: Committee Meeting - 2017-07-05
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:06:52.211Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:30:05.220Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2017.07.05

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      -
      - 
      - 
      - 
      - 
    - Review of Action Items

### Agenda Items

## Minutes

Previous minutesAccepted unanimously

### Members Present

-   Present: Lemming, Stu, Nick, Russel, Hugh, Steve
-   Apologies: J-M, Tim
-   Absent:
-   Observing: Mitch

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: OPEN 8:08pm
-   Closed: CLOSE 9:06pm
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING, 4 weeks (2 August)

### Minutes of previous meeting

| Status      | Accepted    |
|-------------|-------------|
| Moved By    | PM-MOVER    |
| Seconded By | PM-SECONDER |

### Correspondence

-   CORRESPONDENCE
    -   SCI tech
    -   Perth Gamers club interest
    -   Cosplay workshops booked out flat \$150 plus bar etc
    -   WA Poets - Friday 17th August
    -   Sparkco -Set date 31 July 4-6pm
    -   City of Stirling
        -   Researcher on their behalf - good feedback, Will submit Annual report to them, suggest school holiday workshops for september in meeting, re:Funding wont find out till mid next year specifically peppercorn rent, said 20k funds?? would be great. Main person Lauren is on holiday till the end of this month suggest talking to Lauren in August.

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

### Treasurer's Report

|                         | 30/06/2017     | 30/05/2017     |
|-------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance             | \$6400.51      | \$5857.42      |
| Pending TidyHQ / eftpos | \$379.15       | \$403.93       |
| Guthrie St Bond         | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| Balance                 | **\$12779.66** | **\$12261.35** |

\^

| Quarantined Funds                     |
|---------------------------------------|
| Estimated RFID Key Members Bond Value |
| For Insurance 18/19                   |
| Amount Owed on Sound Equipment        |
| DESIRED BALANCE                       |

\^

|                                 | 30/06/2-17 | 31/5/2017 |                                    |
|:-------------------------------:|------------|-----------|------------------------------------|
| Sound Equipment Funds Collected | \$2705     | \$2705    | Collected in Full - REFUND SKOT??? |

| REVENUE                                                         | Last Month | 12 Month Average |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership                                                      | \$4065     | \$4036           |
| Space Cash (Events/Venue hire/Snacks/tool fees/day users/other) | \$2233     | \$1230           |
| Grants/Prizes/Donations/Fundraising                             | \$410      | \$144            |
| TOTAL REVENUE                                                   | **\$6708** | **\$5410**       |

\^

| EXPENSES                                         |             |             |
|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|:-----------:|
| Lease+Estimated Variable Outgoings               | -\$4224     |   -\$4224   |
| Electricity (bimonthly)                          | -\$792      |   -\$360    |
| Insurance (12 month average)                     | -\$0        |   -\$114    |
| Waste/Internet/Welding Supplies                  | -\$285      |   -\$280    |
| Merchant Fees (bimonthly sometimes)              | -\$70       |    -\$40    |
| TidyHQ/Bank Charges                              | -\$57       |    -\$83    |
| TOTAL EXPENSES (Excluding Equip/Fundraising Exp) | **-\$5469** | **-\$5108** |

\^

| Fundraising Expenses# | -\$0     | \$85   |
|-----------------------|----------|--------|
| Equipment Purchases\$ | -\$70.45 | -\$341 |

\$70.45 - Lens(approved previous meeting)

Major Events/Other Revenue (Past Month)

    *ADUG $80
    *Noizemaschin ~$280
    *Mod Synth ~$400
    *Fliptease Laser Cutting $151
    *CDM Laser Cut $96
    *Supanova $260
    *Donation S.Hick $150 - Requested it to be put towards somehow supporting poor members.
    *Curtin Pedal Prix $500

Money Due (05/07)

    *Membership - 4375 steady on last months 
    *ADUG - $100 May, $80 June 

#### Membership Report

20170705

-   30 (-2) Full Members;
-   21 (+1) Concession Memberships;
-   0 (-1) Studio Office Memberships (For 2 Members)
-   5 (-1) Band Memberships

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Memberships for Cancellation for Non-Payment (+90 days due) - David Skilton,Brendan Ragan

Lemming Moved to pay one months Membership for Cyra  
Russel seconded,  
passed unanimously  

-   **Approve / Disapprove** of New Members since last meeting -
    -   CONCESSION - Aaron Siewert, Mel Mccarthy, Damian Brennan
    -   FULL - Kieran Warrington, Ben Dixon, Edgar Basto
    -   BAND -

MOVED: Lemming  
SECONDED: Hugh  
No dissent  

#### Bandroom Report

Sunshine Punch has left

### Other officer's reports

#### Promotions Officer

#### Fundraising JMM/StM

      *JMM dealing with Annual Report - 

#### Event Coordinators Report

      * NoizeM - (Coordinators SM, TG, JMM, Skot, Meg) 
         *Successful ChipTunes - great photos
         *Next is 6 years noize - hope for a large one
        
      * Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
         *Interest from new members
         *Most attendies dont want to start from square one but advertising an event might draw in people who want this
         
      * DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lem)
         
      * Open Day - (Coordinator Steve)

      * ADUG - (Coordinator Nick & Richard Harrington)
        *8 people
        *Had an outing to pawsey centre
        
      * Cosplay - (Coordinator Lem)
        None in June - 2 on Saturday fully booked 12 and 11 people

      * Other Events
        * WA Poetry Festival - 11/8 - Times TBC
        * Sparkco - Mon 31/7 4-6pm

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser sub comitee - Cleaning etc
    -   bed out the further it goes down reset withing 2mm when up high
    -   Appreciate help

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Infrastructure
    -   Flooding has been OK, think pump might be OK

### Agenda Items

\* Studio room

-   Meetings and Electronics
-   Need Ceiling fixed
-   Suggest table built down one side
-   Extraction needded for electronics work
-   Electronics area outside would be freed up
-   Downside is won't get subtennant but we need to move on from dependancy on that

### General Business

-   Purchase of SSL Certificate for wiki.artifactory,â€‹org.au Via Various resellers From \$15UD to \$60AUD. Please approve spending of \$35 AUD for this purchase.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        * Wildcard discussed - about $52 AUD for anything on the Artifactory domain. LetsEncrypt certificate is a single site but is free and expires after 90 days  but recommended to change in croinjob regularly.  Steve and Tim can install. Concensus was go for free LetsEncrpt cert

### Other Business

     *Steve spoke to Flavia from Vic Park collective
        * They would like to use our facilities 
        * Would like to set up a repair Cafe 
        * Their premises are and old house with ourdoor area but is tiny
        * Lots of foot traffic so good exposure

     *Nick said Swan community workshops have midland brick sponsorship and are in sports building while the Swan council sort out more permanent building.
           

### Review of Action Items
