---
title: 2018-12-22
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:09:52.553Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:34:12.830Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2018.12.22

# Agenda

1.  Review Previous Meeting's Minutes
2.  Review Previous Meeting's Action Items
3.  Correspondence
4.  Property Report
5.  Chairman's Report
6.  Treasurer's Report
7.  Expenses For Approval
8.  Membership Report
9.  Officer Reports
10. Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports
11. Subcommittee Reports
12. Other Business (add one-off agenda items here)
    1.  Post Canning wrap up/summary
    2.  New UPS setup for front door. Estimated budget \$200
    3.  Big Red (update and general laser reimbursement requests)
    4.  Servers
    5.  Office cleanup
    6.  Promotions subcommittee
    7.  Purchases
    8.  *Can add items up to 48 hours before committee meeting*

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Lemming Stu Steve Mel Fletch Scott Ian
-   Apologies: Blake
-   Absent: Felicity
-   Minute taker: Hugh
-   Chair: Lemming
-   Felicity needs replacing due to non-attendance to meetings

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 3:05pm
-   Closed: 4:17pm
-   Next meeting: 30 Jan 7pm

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Ian      |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Mel      |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

-   Fletcher - Improve signage for safety equipment and power points
-   Fletcher/Blake - Laser training checklist - **agree on checklist and add as agenda item to next meeting for approval**
-   Fletcher - Artifactory induction checklist - **to be emailed through to committee list for review Draft sending through**
-   Fletcher/Stuart - policy changes from 24/11 - wiki amended? **Work in Progress**
-   Felicity - Refresh first aid kit, contact St John for sponsorship/assistance (first aid kit stock discount and first aid certification discount), check insurance details with Stuart as related to first aid kits \*\* deferred \*\*
-   Felicity - Please add your address in tidy HQ \*\* Moot point \*\*
-   Lemming - Updated Materials and artefacts policy - from 24/11 - wiki amended?
-   Fletcher - G Suite transition Update \*\* Done \*\*
-   Blake/Stuart - New By-Law - Money Donations - from 24/11 - wiki amended? **DONE(SM)**
-   Blake/Stuart - Membership Classification Change - Sponsored Membership - from 24/11 - wiki/website/TidyHQ amended? - **DONE(SM)**
-   Blake/Stuart - Membership Classification Changes -Sponsored Student Membership - from 24/11 wiki/website/TidyHQ amended? **Wiki DONE - Website+TidyHQ yet to do(SM)**
-   Lockers/Tubs
-   Blake - Check what constitution says on email votes? \*\* Blake not here - so deferred\*\*
-   Stuart - New Front door key distribution - Has TidyHQ etc been amended as per By-Law **DONE(SM)**

### Correspondence

-   Justin wants to store/work on a HV project in the space. Lemming has reached out for more details - \*\* Lemming will say no as HV and lack of experience makes a safety issue with 2KV \*\*

### Property Report

-   The portable aircon brought in by JM has been set up in z-lab

## Chairperson's Report

-   Show was great success in many ways

## Treasurer's Report

|                                     | 30/11/2018     | 31/10/2018     |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance                         | \$6709.18      | \$6100.2       |
| NAB Donation Account                | \$214.09       | \$69.09        |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$659.2        | \$214.65       |
| Guthire St Bond                     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| **Balance**                         | **\$13582.47** | **\$12383.94** |
|                                     |                |                |
| **Quarantined Funds**               | 30/11/2018     | 31/10/2018     |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value       | \$9665         | \$9620         |
| For Insurance 19/20                 | \$1808         | \$1582         |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                 | **\$11473**    | **\$11202**    |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                            | Last month  | 12 month average |
|----------------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                                  | \$3,735     | \$3,451          |
| SpaceCash (drinks/events/venue hirer/casual)       | \$2,713     | \$1,822          |
| Fund Raising                                       |             | \$124            |
| Donations                                          | \$100       | \$53             |
| Donations - For Membership                         | \$45        |                  |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                                   | **\$6,593** | **\$5,449**      |
|                                                    |             |                  |
| EXPENSES                                           | Last month  | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                          | \$4,224     | \$4,275          |
| Electricity (bi monthly)                           |             | \$313            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$2716/12)                   |             | \$226            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                           | \$170       | \$203            |
| Merchant Fees                                      | \$80        | \$44             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees/Adminsitration Fees             | \$94        | \$132            |
| Event Expenses                                     | \$580       | \$57             |
| Fundraising Expenses (Inc Fudraising Fridge)       | \$985       | \$504            |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment/Infrastructure Exp.)** | **\$6,133** | **\$5,461**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment/Infrastucture Expenses      | \$460       | -\$8             |
|                                                    |             |                  |
|                                                    | Nov         | 12 month average |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses (Below)          | \$81        | \$176            |
| +/- After Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses        | \$379       | -\$184           |

Internet through Pentanet Reduction in Electricity costs through income tax exemption

### Expenses for Approval

Mel was underbudget in the end Cost of show was over the esimated \$4k Extra expense \$1200 over the \$4k approved

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stu      |
| Status      | Accepted |

Reimbursement of clock kits \$76.29

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stu      |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Membership Report

### Current Status

Membership as at 2018-12-22:

-   X ( 38 / -2) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   X ( 25 / -1) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   X ( 2 / 2) Band Memberships
-   X ( 2 / 0) Associate Memberships

Membership as at 2018-11-23:

-   40 (+4) Full Members (Monthly+Annual)
-   26 (-3) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual)
-   2 (0) Band Memberships
-   2 (0) Associate Memberships

#### Cancelled Non-Payment

proposed - Troy green, Jim Tiwi, Rowan Maltman

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

Moved to Cancel Jim Memberships. Contact Troy.

| Moved By    | ??       |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

### New memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - Justin Harris (U18)
-   FULL - Daniel Harmsworth, Ben Jude
-   BAND - N/A

Move to accept but defer Justin

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lemming  |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

-   IT Officer
    -   REPORT
-   Event Officers
    -   REPORT
-   Rehearsal Room Coordinators
    -   REPORT
-   Quartermasters
    -   Nothing to report
-   Safety Auditors
    -   REPORT
-   Membership Officers
    -   Nothing to report

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

-   ADUG - (Coordinators - Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**)
    -   REPORT
    -   Paid
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators - Hugh, Doug)
    -   REPORT
    -   No Arduino U on 26th
-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator - Lemming)
    -   REPORT
    -   Would like to set a date, RFLAN is on 19th Jan so 24 Feb perhaps
-   Board Games Night (Coordinator - Iain)
    -   REPORT
    -   150 interested 3 people turned up
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator - James, Lemming)
    -   REPORT
    -   None
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**)
    -   REPORT
    -   Good
-   General Hacking Day - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself)
    -   REPORT
-   Leathercraft Workshops - (Coordinator - Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft)
    -   REPORT
-   MicroPython Hardware Hackers - Perth Django and Python Developers (Coordinators -Phil Wilkinson#)
    -   REPORT
-   Mostly Modular Synth - (Coordinators - Hugh, Jon)
    -   REPORT
    -   None
-   Noizemaschin!! - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot, Justin B)
    -   REPORT
    -   Good but late to get a crowd \$250 after cost of drinks
-   Open Day - (Coordinator - )
    -   REPORT
    -   Quiet next 5th Jan
    -   Stu proposes plugging student membership
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators - Stephen Price**\#**)
    -   REPORT
    -   OK
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators - Hayleye**\#**)
    -   REPORT
    -   None
-   VR Meetup (Coordinator - Iain)
    -   Lost power in Osborne Park, event cancelled
-   Wine & Design - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself)
    -   REPORT
    -   Usual
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator - Fletcher)
    -   Quietening down as the weather heats up
-   OTHER Events

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

## Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   Little Red running fine, Kellogg progressing, see other business for Big Red
    -   Kellog is needing a chiller but on track

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   See other business for servers
    -   Scott is assessing and carving up tasks to delegate etc in the meantime need to get servers going for filer and seperated VMs for sandboxing, so will get started on that. Will sell others
    -   SMB Works

## Other Business

Note: "Other Business" must be listed in agenda (top of this page) 48 hours prior to meeting. Any details of an agenda item can be added here at any time.

OTHER BUSINESS DISCUSSION

### Post Canning wrap up/summary

Show:

      * Very good activity.

Stall:

      * Good but not the right target crowd (parents wanting free things to do)
      * Lot of interest including GM from Scitech
      * Good dry run for SuperNova

Soldering:

      * Lots of interest
      * Some teachers asking about doing at schools

### New UPS setup for front door

Current UPS system for doorbot does not switch back once power is restored. Resulted in a member being locked out last Saturday.

      * $129 for UPS: https://www.altronics.com.au/p/m8561-12v-dc-ups-battery-backup-power-supply/
      * $36.95 for 7.2Ah battery https://www.altronics.com.au/p/s5090D-12v-7.2ah-sealed-lead-acid-sla-gel-battery/

Move to budget UPS \$170

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Big Red

      * $459.23 for replacement/upgraded power supply for Big Red - Reimbursement request for Blake
           * Lemming has donated $60, Blake $100
      * $75 for two pairs of laser safety glasses, we don't currently have a pair and some parts of laser maintenance are significantly more difficult without them
      * $230 for a replacement chiller for little red (CW3000) so that the current chiller (CW5000) can be moved to Kellogg

Move to budget PSU (\$460)

| Moved By    | Lemming  |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Ian      |
| Status      | Accepted |

Move to budget 2x Laser Glasses (\$75)

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stu      |
| Status      | Accepted |

Move to budget Chiller for little red (up to \$300)

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lemming  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Servers

We received 10 Dell R710s as a donation. Current plan is to kit two out for Artifactory use (Production and Projects) and sell the rest. We still need to figure out the exact specs of what's there.

### Office cleanup

Several items need to be moved/put away to make the office easy to use again

      * Lemming's bike
      * Acid
        * Iain to follow up
      * Rack servers

Lemming has two weeks (6th Jan) to move his bike

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | ??       |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Promotions subcommittee

Motion create subcomittee without chair until next meeting

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lemming  |
| Status      | Accepted |

##### Scope and responsibilities

The Promotions Subcommittee is responsible for coordinating the following:

      * Project Leads for external events ran by The Artifactory
      * The construction and maintenance of promotional displays
      * The production and stocking of merchandise 
      * Awareness of upcoming events applicable to the space and related proposals to the Management Committee
      * Any other tasks assigned by the Management Committee

##### Coordination

The group will be loosely co-ordinated by the subcommittee chair. Individual events will be co-ordinated by a designated Project Lead or another method determined by the subcommittee.

##### Membership

The Promotions Subcommittee chair and the Management Committee have the ability to add or remove members of the subcommittee.

The Promotions Subcommittee chair is appointed by the Management Committee.

##### Budgetary Requirements and Space Usage

The Promotions Subcommittee may request funds from the Management, Committee. If approved the subcommittee may designate expense authority within the subcommittee subject to approval by the Treasurer.

The Management Committee authorises the subcommittee to waive tool usage fees when working on projects that are inline with the responsibilities of the subcommittee.

The subcommittee may requisition space within The Artifactory provided that any subcommittee materials do not interfere with scheduled events or the activites of Artifactory Members. This requisition must be upheld at the next meeting of the Management Committee in order to continue. It is the responsibility of the subcommittee chair to notify the Secretary that a requisition has taken place.

##### Tools and Procedures for Communication

The subcommittee will determine their own communication procedures.

##### Decisions made by the subcommittee

A determination made by the subcommittee is to be made by a simple majority of subcommittee members.

This section may be modified by the subcommittee using the existing process for subcommittee determinations.

##### Expected Duration

Indefinite.

### Purchases

New Ladders

      * $256 3.7-6.5m extension ladder https://www.bunnings.com.au/gorilla-3-7-6-5m-150kg-aluminium-extension-ladder_p0860958
      * $154 2.1-3.8 A frame ladder https://www.bunnings.com.au/rhino-2-1-3-8m-150kg-dual-purpose-aluminium-step-ladder_p0861087

Motion to provide budget for \$470 for ladder subject to Canning paying

| Moved By    | Stu      |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
