---
title: 2018-08-04
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:08:49.866Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:32:45.510Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2018.08.04

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property Report
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
2.  Review of Action Items
3.  Expenses For Approval
4.  Other business

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      -Old Wiki Items Achieving(SM) 
      -RFID Key Rules for non-members who run workshops(SM) 
      -Website Updating(SM) 
      -Committee Rulings Section needs to be added to Wiki(SM)

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Lemming, Mel, Jason, Steve, Hugh, Stuart, Blake, James
-   Apologies: Tanner, Tim, JM
-   Absent: None
-   Minute taker: Blake
-   Chair: Lemming

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 15:15
-   Closed: 16:35
-   Next meeting: 2018-09-01 3pm

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | JM       |
| Seconded By | Steve    |

### Correspondence

-   (SM) UWA lab opening at UWA - invitation for someone to attend preferable committee - August 8th @ 5.30pm.
    -   Jason and Lemming will try and go
-   (SM) Rival skip company thinks they can do us deal \~2/3 price on call
    -   Stuart thinks they will be cheaper, could save \$500/year
    -   Consider asking to price match
-   (LEM) City Canning
    -   Events team, 8th dec 2018, all day event
    -   Workshops for event
    -   LED throwies, badges (SMD)
    -   Stuart - multiple groups could go from artifactory
    -   JM - \$15 per head is a usual rate
    -   Wifi tank as workshop
    -   Catapaults - build them
    -   Need to determine who pays and how much
-   (LEM) Wedding Invites making \* 100
    -   Will contact that they can do
-   (LEM) Embroidery Artist - wanting to possible run workshop
    -   Waiting on details

### Property Report

-   Don was in today, things are going ok
-   Front sign
    -   Mostly built
    -   Needs better lighting
    -   Authorisation for \$50 was approved in previous meeting (none claimed yet)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   MP visit to artifactory sat 1st sept (open day)
    -   Show our space and what we do here
    -   From 11am

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

#### Treasurer's Report

-   Change to how fridge expenses are reported
-   Since last meeting \$500 cash donated
-   In aug variable component of lease gets tallied up so potential extra expense then
-   Bunnings gave us \$50 towards tools

|                                     | 31/07/2018     | 29/6/2018      |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance                         | \$10441.94     | \$7631.49      |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$388.07       | \$325.93       |
| Guthire St Bond                     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| **Balance**                         | **\$16830.01** | **\$13957.42** |
| **Donation Account**                | **\$255**      | **\$0**        |
|                                     |                |                |
| **Quarantined Funds**               | 31/07/2018     | 29/6/2018      |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value       | \$9265         | \$9670         |
| For Insurance 19/20                 | \$904          | \$678          |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                 | **\$10169**    | **\$10348**    |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                      | Last month | 12 month average |
|----------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                            | \$2,810    | \$3,587          |
| SpaceCash (drinks/events/venue hirer/casual) | \$1,993    | \$1,784          |
| Fund Raising                                 |            | \$136            |

| **TOTAL INCOME**                         | **\$6,073** | **\$5,508**      |
|------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
|                                          |             |                  |
| EXPENSES                                 | July        | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                | \$4,224     | \$4,258          |
| Electricity                              | \$0         | \$291            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$2716/12)         | \$0         | \$226            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                 | \$285       | \$225            |
| Merchant Fees                            | \$40        | \$49             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees                       | \$72        | \$115            |
| Event Expenses                           |             | \$60             |
| Fundraising Expenses                     | \$449       | \$75             |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment Purchases)** | **\$5,310** | **\$5,673**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment Expenses          | \$763       | -\$164           |
|                                          |             |                  |
|                                          | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Equipment Expenses (Below)               | \$721       | \$94.22          |

#### Membership Report

##### Current Status

Membership as at 2018-08-03:

-   37 (-3) Full Members (Monthly+Annual)
-   23 (+1) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual)
-   1 (0) Band Memberships
-   2 (0) The Residency
-   **More members are Needed** - Treasurers opinion

##### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due): None

##### New memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - Jim Kiwi, Fletcher Boyd
-   FULL - Nathan Thompson
-   BAND - NONE

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Stuart   |
| Seconded By | Steve    |

#### Bandroom Report

-   Tanner (email)
    -   One band looking to start on September 3rd.
    -   Another two who are interested but not sure when they will jump on board. I’ll be meeting with them sometime this month to give them a tour.

### Other Officer's Reports

#### Promotions Officer Report

-   None

#### Fundraising

-   Noisemachin (stuart)
    -   Shirts ordered for silent auction at next Noisemachin
    -   Raise a bit of money
-   Stuart - ideas off hacker space websites
    -   Easier donation portal off website

#### Event Coordinators Report

-   NoizeM - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel)
    -   JM
        -   More expenses than the \$150
        -   Spent \$260 on new equipment
        -   Request extra \$110 for equipment Propose: Proposed, Second: JM, Voted: Approved.
    -   Thanks to Stuart for cleanup to artifactory last weekend
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
    -   Micropython for next meetup - Phil
    -   LED signs with micropython
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lemming)
    -   Revenue \$300
    -   Went well
-   Open Day - (Coordinator Steve, Lemming)
    -   Open day today went well. Some new members today!
-   ADUG - (Coordinator Richard Harrington, Stuart)
    -   Stelark attended last one. Going well
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator James, Lemming)
    -   Cosplay sunday afternoon event
    -   Very popular
    -   Questions
        -   Have it earlier in day?
        -   People in retail working saturdays?
    -   James - Saturday 3pm to 10pm (weekend after open day)
    -   James to schedule it in on Facebook and calendar - sat 18 aug
-   Other Events

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   Little red maintenance
        -   Problems with z probe
        -   Bed relevelled
        -   Non contact z-probe questions
    -   Big Red ok. People like new bed
    -   Kellogg
        -   New computer ready to go (adrian)
        -   z axis work on going
    -   Electrical extinguisher potentially available as donation from Mel's work
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   No news

#### Review of Action Items

-   Need receipts from Mel supernova
-   Need receipts from Blake for laser bed
-   Need receipts from Skot

### Expenses for Approval

-   Studio bench top \$150
    -   Motion - Stuart
    -   Second - Steve
    -   Approved

### Other Business

-   Consitiution discussion
    -   Sunday 19th 4pm at Artifactory
-   AGM
    -   Blake to email out for interest for committee next year
-   Annual report
    -   Photos of rockets - contact at the school back soon
    -   Other photos?
-   Wiki - archiving old items
    -   Stuart - Putting links at bottom of wiki page
-   RFID Key Rules for non-members who run workshops
    -   (SM) Previous Rules were Sept 2017. Rules are unclear.
    -   Keys only to be used for workshop (not general admittance) unless they are member
    -   Stuart to create rules section on Committee Rules (to add this rule)
-   Website updating
    -   Stuart fixed up website calendar
    -   Donation links to be done
    -   Resident artist application to be added
-   Make emphasis laser cutter payments to be eftpos/bank rather than cash
-   Half day vs full day
    -   Get rid of \$20 for full day (\$10 for any part of a day)
    -   Raise - Lemming
    -   Second - Steve
    -   Approved

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 
