---
title: 2018-09-01
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:09:11.337Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:33:18.707Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2018.09.01

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property Report
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
2.  Review of Action Items
3.  Expenses For Approval
4.  Other business

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Lemming, Stuart, Hugh, James, Mel, Jason, Steve, Scott, Magnus, Jason, Blake, Fletcher
-   Apologies: Tanner, Tim, JM
-   Absent: Nil
-   Minute taker: Blake
-   Chair: Lemming

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 15:05
-   Closed: 16:05
-   Next meeting: AGM

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

-   2018-08-04
-   2018-08-19 (constitution review)
-   2018-08-21 (constitution review)

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Hugh     |
| Seconded By | Stuart   |

### Correspondence

-   See chairmans report

### Property Report

-   Leak in roof
    -   Lemming to raise with Dom
-   Toilet men's
    -   Button getting stuck down still (top was replaced)
    -   Mel - get dale to fix

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   UWA Lab Opening
    -   Spread the word
    -   Possibility of working with Artifactory
    -   Might get sandblaster from them
-   City of canning - event
    -   Show and stall
    -   Ideas needed for event
-   MP Visit (earlier today)
    -   Lemming showed him and partner through artifactory \~1 hr. Mel too.
    -   Interested in artifactory and what we do
    -   Possibility of venue in east perth power station
-   School wanting laser cutter - connection to laser cutter
-   "Solder" flux lab in city - possibility of cooperation?
-   Query on Rocket club people

#### Treasurer's Report

-   Skip Discussions - stayed with Instant Waste - costs predicted to be at least 1/3 cheaper going forward
-   Extra Variable Outgoings Lease Costs came in at +\$600 for 2017-2018. Prime Property states no change in monthly Lease+variable outgoings
-   To comply with proposed new constitution - no expenses will be reimbursed in cash - only via bank transfer

|                                     | 31/08/2018     | 31/07/2018     |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance                         | \$5677.55      | \$10441.94     |
| NAB Donation Account                | \$118.81       | \$255          |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$660.31       | \$388.07       |
| Guthire St Bond                     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| **Balance**                         | **\$12456.67** | **\$17085.01** |
|                                     |                |                |
| **Quarantined Funds**               | 31/08/2018     | 31/07/2018     |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value       | \$9635         | \$9265         |
| For Insurance 19/20                 | \$1130         | \$904          |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                 | **\$10765**    | **\$10169**    |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                                      | Last month  | 12 month average |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                                            | \$3,835     | \$3,420          |
| SpaceCash (tool usage fees/events/casual/fundraising fridge) | \$1,836     | \$1,644          |
| Fund Raising                                                 | \$300       | \$161            |
| Donations                                                    | \$275       | \$44             |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                                             | **\$6,246** | **\$5,270**      |
|                                                              |             |                  |
| EXPENSES                                                     | August      | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                                    | \$4,839     | \$4,275          |
| Electricity                                                  | \$627       | \$299            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$2716/12)                             | \$0         | \$226            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                                     | \$225       | \$210            |
| Merchant Fees                                                | \$42        | \$42             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees                                           | \$128       | \$115            |
| Event Expenses                                               |             | \$60             |
| Fundraising Expenses (Inc Fundraising Fridge)                | \$290       | \$370            |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment/Infrastructure Exp.)**           | **\$5,861** | **\$5,266**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses               | \$385       | \$4              |
|                                                              |             |                  |
|                                                              | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses (Below)                    | \$849       | \$157            |
| +/- Prior to Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses               | -\$464      | \$142            |

Approved Expenses - Sign Lights, Audio Equip, Laser Bed, benches for z-lab, ceiling hole repair

#### Membership Report

##### Current Status

Membership as at 2018-08-31:

-   35 (-2) Full Members (Monthly+Annual)
-   24 (+1) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual)
-   2 (+1) Band Memberships
-   2 (0) The Residency (Associate Membership)
-   **More members are Needed** - Treasurers opinion

##### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   Michael Newman
-   Simon Haynes

What is to be done about outstanding dues for the above? Wipe debt

##### New memberships and Associate Memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - Rodrigo Kendrick
-   FULL - Troy Green, Peter Hillier, Oscar White, Gracie Smith, Krishan Shah
-   BAND - Martin Gonzalez (Triangle Fight)
-   RESIDENT ARTIST (Associate Memberships)- Gabbi Fusco

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Stuart   |
| Seconded By | Hugh     |

#### Bandroom Report

-   New Band - Triangle Fight

### Other Officer's Reports

#### Promotions Officer Report

-   No news

#### Fundraising

-   Magnus to get instagram login - Mel

#### Event Coordinators Report

-   NoizeM - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Justin B, Skot)
    -   Quiet but good
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
    -   Good one
    -   Micropython crowd comes
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lemming)
    -   Big one and busy
    -   Popular module
    -   Mostly modular didn't run this time
-   Open Day - (Coordinator Steve, Lemming)
    -   Today was good and busy
    -   Freakin awesome
-   ADUG - (Coordinator Richard Harrington, Stuart)
    -   Going fine
    -   \~10 people
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator James, Lemming)
    -   Quiet for this one
    -   7th October for next
-   Other Events

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   Maintenance on Monday
    -   Relevelled beds of both of cutters
    -   Did better job of securing tensioners
    -   Kellog - z drive - steve garren
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   Fletcher helping with new wiki - mediawiki
    -   New internet connection from Pentanet incoming
    -   New camera available - where to put it?
        -   front room

### Actions from Last Meeting

-   New Constitution Proposed - **COMPLETED**
-   AGM - **Announced**
-   Annual report - **COMPLETED**
-   Wiki - archiving old items (started)
-   RFID Key Rules for non-members who run workshops **COMPLETED**
-   Website updating
    -   Donation links to be done **COMPLETED**
    -   Resident artist application to be added **COMPLETED**
-   Get rid of \$20 for full day rate (\$10 for any part of a day) **WEBSITE WIKI UPDATED**
-   Make emphasis laser cutter payments to be eftpos/bank rather than cash **To be done**

### Other Business

-   (SM) Please approve "Membership classifications" and "By-Laws" <http://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=committee:committeerulings>
    -   Moved: Blake
    -   Second: James
    -   Voted: Approved
-   Fletcher IT
    -   Two system - high integrity and project based
-   Stuart to draft something for next meeting - IT officer

### Expenses for Approval

-   Refund to Stuart for keys to band room \~\$44.48
    -   voted all in favour
-   Extension cords \$50 - mix of 3 and 5 meter
    -   voted all in favour
