---
title: 2018-06-02
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:08:26.000Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:32:12.331Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2018.06.02

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Sign Mk II
    2.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
3.  Review of Action Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Mel, Lemming, Hugh, JM, James, Magnus, Blake
-   Apologies: Stuart, Tim, Steve, Tanner
-   Absent:

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 15.24
-   Closed: 16.44
-   Next meeting: 30 June 15:00, 4 weeks

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | JM       |
| Seconded By | James    |

### Correspondence

-   Sewing workshop - 20 june night
    -   Might be monthly or bimonthly
    -   First one with friends
-   Facebook person - offered old projector - we declined
-   Custom metal work enquiry - matthew owens
    -   Metal tricorn pirates hat
    -   Couldn't help
-   Welding lessons enquiry
-   IT donation
    -   Switch
    -   1U server as router
-   Wants to build robby the robot from lost in space
    -   From old series
-   Librarian - Mirabooka library
    -   Innovations lab (11 June)
    -   Tech talks - 25 people per session (second Thursday of the month - 14th) - 1hr
    -   6 workshops
    -   Committee thinks - \$250 / session (\$10/person)
-   Pentanet - via RF Lan people
    -   Sponsoring internet connection potential
    -   Sponsored LAN cables for LAN
-   Morley snr high
    -   Interested in rocket
    -   \$5 per rocket
    -   Awaiting to hear back
-   Kent St
    -   Yr 6 induction to year 7
    -   Set off 5 rockets as highlight of the day
    -   Artifactory was promoted
    -   Need to produce 40 rockets for next term

### Property Report

-   Rain over the month
    -   Drain filled and knee deep in car park
    -   Probably acceptable for now
    -   Nature of drain with pump

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Supanova (23, 24 June)
    -   Magnus organised (working on supanova)
    -   We have a booth - free
    -   Panel for Artifactory (\~12 - 2 Sunday) - 1 hour session
        -   Could do talks and tech demos
    -   Cant do
        -   Nothing gaseous
    -   Can do other demos
    -   Kits to make to sell (catapults)
    -   Interactive displays
        -   Addressable LEDs (Blake to buy)
        -   Thermal printer (twitter printer)
-   Suez Waste
    -   Looking for grant from them

#### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER

Just because there is money there, that doesn't mean we should spend it. Please refrain from spending if possible until July (Over the financial year to date - we are just breaking even) It looks better for the Annual Report if we at least break even. I can't see the coming month breaking even........ But certainly start thinking up some ideas for some of it OR we build it for our eventual move.

Annual Report Coming........... Need photos from various workshops

Two grant applicants were put in last month Synergy/Suez - Should hear back in the next couple months. I would like to put in more grant applications - Does anyone know of any others besides Lottery West?????? Intend to work on this at the Coming Wine and Designs.

WA - AssociationsOnline - Now registered with Blake - Basically we have to provide an "Information Statement" to the WA government as part of been a not for profit each financial year. AND **Each association must review and update its rules by 1 July 2019 to ensure the rules comply with the requirements of the new Act.** <https://www.commerce.wa.gov.au/books/inc-guide-incorporated-associations-western-australia/transitioning-associations-incorporation>

|                                     | 31/5/2018      | 30/4/2018      |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance                         | \$5869.99      | \$3684.41      |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$789.1        | \$431.76       |
| Guthire St Bond                     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| **Balance**                         | **\$12659.09** | **\$10116.17** |
|                                     |                |                |
| **Quarantined Funds**               | 31/5/2018      | 30/4/2018      |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value       | \$8950         | \$8905         |
| For Insurance 19/20                 | \$452          | \$226          |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                 | **\$9402**     | **\$9131**     |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                      | Last month  | 12 month average |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                            | \$4,261     | \$3,850          |
| SpaceCash (drinks/events/venue hirer/casual) | \$2,749     | \$1,848          |
| Fund Raising/Prizes/Donations                |             | \$68             |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                             | **\$7,010** | **\$5,766**      |
|                                              |             |                  |
| EXPENSES                                     | May         | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                    | \$4,224     | \$4,258          |
| Electricity                                  | \$0         | \$306            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$2716/12)             | \$0         | \$226            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                     | \$126       | \$212            |
| Merchant Fees                                | \$40        | \$48             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees                           | \$121       | \$118            |
| Event Expenses                               |             | \$51             |
| Fundraising Expenses                         | \$0         | \$0              |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment Purchases)**     | **\$4,512** | **\$5,573**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment Expenses              | \$2,498     | \$194            |
|                                              |             |                  |
|                                              | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Equipment Expenses (Below)                   |             | \$41.58          |

#### Membership Report

##### Current Status

Membership as at 2017-05-31:

-   35 (+3) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   20 (-4) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   1 (0) Family Membership
-   1 (0) Band Memberships **More Bands are Needed**
-   2 (0) The Residency

Comment: We had two members switch from Concession to Full

##### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

    N/A

##### New memberships for approval

| Jed Cowper       | Concession | Lemming met and vouches for |
|------------------|------------|-----------------------------|
| Rodrigo Kendrick | Residency  | Resident artist             |

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Hugh     |
| Seconded By | JM       |

#### Bandroom Report

-   Has been cleaned

### Other Officer's Reports

#### Promotions Officer Report

-   No updates

#### Fundraising

-   Grant applications

#### Event Coordinators Report

-   NoizeM - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel)
    -   Going well
    -   Filled to capacity
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
    -   Going well - steadily
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lemming)
    -   Lots of people, lots of soldering
-   Open Day - (Coordinator Steve, Lemming)
    -   6 people through today - maybe 3 new members
    -   Quiet one because of long weekend
    -   For next open day
        -   To get name tag clips so we can cut names for people
-   ADUG - (Coordinator Richard Harrington, Stuart)
    -   Didn't run this month
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator James, Lemming)
    -   Haily running it and going well
-   Other Events
    -   Artifactory LAN coming up this month
    -   Edwardo msuci impov workshop
        -   Attendance 5 people
        -   Maybe Bimonthly
    -   Modsynth workshop
        -   Going well
        -   Steady numbers
        -   Hugh to run next one
    -   Poetry night - idea for event, maybe monthly based

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   Maint session monday night
    -   Need new tube holder for little red
    -   z-probes on order for kellog and big red
    -   Big red beam not focused - mel
    -   Kellog
        -   Steve interlock circuit
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   Donations
        -   New switch, small server as router
    -   Pentanet - cables for lan, maybe internet connection, maybe wireless AP
    -   New server ongoing
        -   Need drive trays, fundraiser for drives
    -   Accounts
        -   Propose: Any account in Artifactory name must be done with artifactory.org.au email address. Proposed: Lemming, Second: Blake, All in favour (except Hugh - was not present).
        -   Existing account - all to be changed to artifactory.org.au address
        -   Slack in Mitch's name. Email from secretary address to request him to transfer it.
        -   Also recover youtube

### Other Business

-   Electronics work bench in studio
    -   Scott offered to pay for work bench
    -   Lemming to measure up
-   New neighbour next door
    -   Might receive offcuts of wood from them

### Review of Action Items

-   ACTIONS
