---
title: 2018-05-05
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:08:17.570Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:32:00.173Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2018-05-05

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
3.  Review of Action Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Lawrence (Lemming) Dixon, Hugh Frazer, Jean-Michel Maujean, Steve Hodges, Melanie McCarthy, James Felix Sim
-   Apologies: Blake Samuels, Tim Gilcrest, Stu McDonald
-   Absent:

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: OPEN 3:25pm
-   Closed: CLOSE 4:07pm
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING, n weeks

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected | Accepted but wrong spelling of Dave Romera to fix |
|-------------|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| Moved By    | MOVER             | Jean-Michel Maujean                               |
| Seconded By | SECONDER          | James Felix Sim                                   |

### Correspondence

    Email about electric car - want it for 4-7 months
    Lemming suggest a bond in case it is abandoned, to investigate
    Will use the indoor space to work on it 
    Lemming suggests $100/per week
    Will table it for the meeting and discuss over the week
    Would erect barriers and need to have it as an event 

    Budget Movie studio contacted about building props but have not replied to emials in a week
      
    Someone contacted about auditting for AC&C but don't think

    No correspondence from LARP guys
      
    ADUG have cancelled the event the were talking about 

### Property Report

-   PROPERTY

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

#### Treasurer's Report

-   TREASURER

While the numbers below don't look great for our viability long term, I'll point out that Nozie willing be falling twice in May. ADUG is starting to run up a debt which I will follow up again. (Hopefully they'll pay otherwise next meeting I will suggest that we prevent them from holding events at the Artifactory).

|                                     | 30/4/2018      | 31/3/2018      |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance                         | \$3684.41      | \$4122.38      |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$431.76       | \$988.17       |
| Guthire St Bond                     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| **Balance**                         | **\$10116.17** | **\$11110.55** |
|                                     |                |                |
| **Quarantined Funds**               | 30/4/2018      | 31/3/2018      |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value       | \$8905         | \$8815         |
| For Insurance 19/20                 | \$226          | \$0            |
| Sound Equip Payment Due             | \$0            | \$2705         |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                 | **\$9131**     | **\$11520**    |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                      | Last month  | 12 month average |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                            | \$3,264     | \$3,759          |
| SpaceCash (drinks/events/venue hirer/casual) | \$808       | \$1,587          |
| Fund Raising/Prizes/Donations                |             | \$68             |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                             | **\$4,297** | **\$5,451**      |
|                                              |             |                  |
| EXPENSES                                     | April       | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                    | \$4,224     | \$4,258          |
| Electricity                                  | \$658       | \$361            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$2716/12)             | \$0         | \$226            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                     | \$206       | \$226            |
| Merchant Fees                                |             | \$41             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees                           | \$68        | \$111            |
| Event Expenses                               |             | \$51             |
| Fundraising Expenses                         | \$0         | \$0              |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment Purchases)**     | **\$5,156** | **\$5,627**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment Expenses              | -\$859      | -\$176           |
|                                              |             |                  |
|                                              | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Equipment Expenses (Below)                   |             | \$41.58          |

OWING TO THE ARTIFACTORY - \$4310. ADUG is \$490+6\*45. Yet to find out their numbers for April too. No payments have been made since 30/11/17!

#### Membership Report

##### Current Status

Membership as at 2017-xx-xx:

-   32 (+2) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   24 (-2) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   1 (0) Family Membership
-   1 (0) Band Memberships
-   2 (0) The Residency

##### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   There is probably a couple people in this category. I will attempt one more follow up on each.

##### New memberships for approval

| Robin Wong     | Concession | James Felix Sim vouches for him knowledgable on 3d printers |
|----------------|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| michael newman | Full       | workmate of Lemming/Blake                                   |
| John Saunders  | Full       | Lemming says he remembers him and seems OK                  |
| Jed Cowper     | concession | Added today                                                 |

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected | Accepted        |
|-------------|-------------------|-----------------|
| Moved By    | MOVER             | James Felix Sim |
| Seconded By | SECONDER          | Steve           |

#### Bandroom Report

-   BANDROOM REPORT

Looks OK

### Other Officer's Reports

#### Promotions Officer Report

-   PROMOTIONS REPORT

Nothing to Report

#### Fundraising

-   FUNDRAISING REPORT

#### Event Coordinators Report

-   NoizeM - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel) 35 in attendance - looking for diversity
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug) Standard
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lemming) Standard
-   Open Day - (Coordinator Steve, Lemming) Standard
-   ADUG - (Coordinator Richard Harrington, Stuart) No moneys

(SM) - Have not received their numbers to invoice for April. They have confirmed that they are not holding their May AGM meeting at the Artifactory but will be back in June.

-   Cosplay - (Coordinator James Felix Sim, Lemming) Cosplay Workshop on 25th nothing else to report
-   Other Events Artifrag3 June 16,17 Might get RFLan guys!

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   Report from Blake (prepared ahead of time because absent -- feel free to edit/change with whatever is discussed/decided)
        -   Can you please vote on electing me "secretary of laser subcommittee"? I'm acting in that roll, sending the emails for maintenance sessions and things like that. I've been told the main committee should approve it.

|     | Moved    | Jean-Michel Maujean |
|-----|----------|---------------------|
|     | Seconded | James Felix Sim     |
|     | Accepted |                     |

        * A few issues through the last month with bed out of level and belt failure but they were dealt with reasonably quickly. I think big red is in good repair at the moment. Hour meter was 149 hours on 2018-04-23.
        * Add hour tracker here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zn0QXa9J9SwWFKYS1TICWPZ3ONNujywNReHW9CJXo7A/edit?usp=sharing
          * Looks to be fairly linear usage with time
        * Lemming has been looking at new tube for little red. The spare was a bit too large and a new end cover is on order. Adam Fiannaca (involved with initial setup of laser cutters) will assist with the changeover (and hopefully train us so we know what to do next time)
        * Having 1-2 monthly maintenance sessions. Getting 2+ members along. There has been some interest from other members to learn more and get involved with maintenance. We want to encourage that and have a decent group of people that are able to do bed levelling, look after head assembly and generally keep the machines running. Probably suplmentented with 1 monthly maintenance sessions would be good.
        * Nick is keen to get more people involved with the training - train up some more trainers. Will be looking at running some sessions. Maybe on committee meeting Saturdays (week before open days). Still TBA.
    * IT Subcommittee
      * REPORT

### Other Business

-   OTHER BUSINESS
-   Monitoring M
-   Safer spaces - anti descrimination policy - Jean-Michel Maujean reviewing
-   Vcarve makers license Lemming raised but timing isn't right for the purchase while we are losing money
-   SuperNova - investigate getting a booth - Melanie and Lemming are starters for personing the booth

### Review of Action Items

-   ACTIONS
