---
title: 2018-02-24
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:08:00.310Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:31:37.392Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2018.02.24

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
    9.  Cornwall House
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
    2.  Issues from previous meeting: JM - organ
3.  Review of Action Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Lemming, JM, Hugh, Steve, James, Stuart, Blake
-   Apologies: Melanie, Tanner
-   Absent: Tim

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11.15am
-   Closed: 12:08
-   Next meeting: 31 March 2018, 5 weeks

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Stuart   |
| Seconded By | James    |

### Correspondence

-   Lemming
    -   Membership robotics team - Didn't need special case
    -   3D printing job - JM
    -   Mt Claremont Community options - membership prices
    -   Contacted about our welding equipment
    -   Element14 - awaiting to hear back on donations
    -   Facebook - mainly enquiries on membership

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      * 

### Property Report

-   No news is good news
-   Studio / electronics
    -   Got approval from landlord for shelves in studio for electronics benches
    -   Move powerpoints for better accessibility to benches
    -   Bench material might do fundraising drive
-   Pot holes in driveways have been addressed
-   New bilge pump in drain outside

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   ACNC registration approved
    -   Tech soup / connecting up
        -   vcarve license for \$100/year could be useful
        -   Adobe creative suite \$10/year
-   DGR - Deductible gift registration

#### Treasurer's Report

|                                     | 31/1/2018      | 31/12/2017     |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance                         | \$7663.3       | \$7865.65      |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$85.86        | \$98           |
| Guthire St Bond                     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| **Balance**                         | **\$13749.16** | **\$13963.65** |
|                                     |                |                |
| **Quarantined Funds**               | 31/1/2018      | 31/12/2017     |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value       | \$8385         | \$8340         |
| For Insurance 18/19                 | \$1254         | \$1140         |
| Sound Equip Payment Due             | \$2705         | \$2705         |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                 | **\$12344**    | **\$12185**    |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                      | Last month  | 12 month average |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                            | \$2,708     | \$3,776          |
| SpaceCash (drinks/events/venue hirer/casual) | \$1,020     | \$1,657          |
| Fund Raising/Prizes/Donations                |             | \$83             |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                             | **\$3,728** | **\$5,516**      |
|                                              |             |                  |
| EXPENSES                                     | Jan         | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                    | \$4,224     | \$4,258          |
| Electricity                                  |             | \$281            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$1372/12)             |             | \$114            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                     | \$206       | \$231            |
| Merchant Fees                                | \$40        | \$51             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees                           | \$60        | \$112            |
| Event Expenses                               |             | \$51             |
| Fundraising Expenses                         | -\$803      | \$0              |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment Purchases)**     | **\$4,530** | **\$5,452**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment Expenses              | -\$803      | \$64             |
|                                              |             |                  |
|                                              | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Equipment Expenses (Below)                   | \$70        | \$49.68          |

#### Membership Report

##### Current Status

Membership as at 2017-02-24:

-   27 (-1) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   25 (+1) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   1 (0) Family Membership
-   3 (0) Band Memberships
-   2 (0) The Residency

##### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   MEMBER_NAME

| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Moved By    | MOVER             |
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |

##### New memberships for approval

-   Dan Rechichi -- Full
-   Scott Simons -- Concession
-   Carla Marinescu -- Concession
-   Steve -- Full

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | Steve    |
| Seconded By | JM       |

#### Bandroom Report

-   No news

### Other Officer's Reports

#### Promotions Officer Report

-   No news

#### Fundraising

-   No news

#### Event Coordinators Report

-   NoizeM - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel)
    -   Jan event - 45 people
    -   Artist residency discussion - follows seasons
    -   Quota of female performers (at least 3) - hold those slots until 10 days before performance
    -   Also cap repeat performances (1 within 3 months) where there are other artists available

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      * 
    * Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
    * DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lemming)
      * Modular meetup this month instead
      * Interest to hold another modular meetup (Sunday evening 4pm onwards)
      * Discussion on cost of modular meeting - decided to keep at $10
      * Next modsynth 3 weeks away - modular meetup 2 weeks after
    * Open Day - (Coordinator Steve, Lemming)
      * Jan open day went well
      * Request for members to come to open day again
    * ADUG - (Coordinator Richard Harrington, Stuart)
      * 17 people at last one
    * Cosplay - (Coordinator James, Lemming)
      * No news
      * James - Pepakura workshop
      * James - KL convention - invited to be on panel - opportunity to promote artifactory
    * Other Events
      * Leather workshop
      * Hey muso
        * 10 people in attendance
        * Not a lot of interest for first one
        * See how it pans out

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   Some minor maintainance
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   One webcam offline, one needs retargetting
    -   Mitch donated HDDs for server
    -   Disk controller and disk trays required for server

### Other Business

-   Event form - JM
    -   Leather workshop, ADUG
    -   Missing for Arduino U, Open Day, Modular synth
    -   Nominate someone responsible for event
        -   Steve - open day
        -   Hugh - arduino U
        -   JM - noisemachine
        -   Andrew - mod synth
        -   James (hailey) - cosplay
-   PayID
    -   Could investigate for payment off email address
    -   Instant payment
-   Google not for profits
    -   Move email to google
        -   Lemming move, Blake second, Approved by committee
    -   Google adwords
        -   Move us up for search terms like "makerspace" and "laser cutter" in Perth
    -   Increases our storage
-   JM 3D Printer
    -   Operational
    -   JM will do training open day
-   JM - organ
    -   John brought in organ
    -   Concern: that it would be in the way
    -   End date July

### Review of Action Items

-   None
