---
title: 2018-06-30
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:08:34.277Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:32:24.707Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2018.06.30

## Agenda

1.  Usual business
    1.  Acceptance of last meeting's minutes
    2.  Correspondence
    3.  Property
    4.  Chairman's report
    5.  Treasurer's report
    6.  Other officer's/Event Coordinators reports
    7.  Subcommittee reports
    8.  Area Host reports
2.  Other business
    1.  Any expenses/For reimbursement
    2.  Constitution Changes required as part of new WA Associations Act
    3.  AGM Date
3.  Review of Action Items

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JM, Hugh, Steve, Lemming, James, Stuart, Mel, Tanner, Jason
-   Apologies: Tim
-   Absent: None
-   Minute taker: Blake
-   Chair: Lemming

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 11:28
-   Closed: 13:21
-   Next meeting: Saturday 4th August 3pm, 5 weeks

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | James    |
| Seconded By | JM       |

### Correspondence

-   Enquiries workshops, tools, office space - not appropriate, acrylic
-   Modelling 3D dynamics enquiry - direct to mailing list
-   Injection moulding question
-   Sewing class questions
-   Questions on catapult - send links to video
-   Queries on laser cutting
-   Feature film people came on Wednesday night to look to use our studio
    -   weighing up 2 premises
    -   6 weeks
    -   Thoughts on \$1800 to charge
-   Query from highschool kid on free access - explained how membership works
-   Board games event looks promising
-   Arduino U - sequential gearbox that a guy wants to control
-   Small laser cutter for potential donation
    -   Discussion on whether we want it
    -   Blake to follow up with person
-   Cosplay event idea: People dressed in costume get entry to next cosplay workshop free
-   Mel
    -   John Kent St - order for 40 rockets \$200
-   Hugh
    -   Arduino U - power dingy navigation system question (didn't come to last Wednesday, maybe next one)

### Property Report

-   Stuart cleaned up outside
-   Door having trouble closing
    -   Some remedial wor kfor now to make it easier to close
    -   Stuart - arrange someone to replace door

### Officer Reports

#### Chairperson's Report

-   Supanova went well
    -   \>\$1100
    -   100 catapaults sold
    -   Several boxes of business cards distributed
    -   Complements on panel talk
    -   Lots of people through the stall
    -   Facebook page picked up

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

#### Treasurer's Report

|                                     | 29/6/2018      | 31/5/2018      |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance                         | \$7631.49      | \$5869.99      |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$325.93       | \$789.1        |
| Guthire St Bond                     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| **Balance**                         | **\$13957.42** | **\$12659.09** |
|                                     |                |                |
| **Quarantined Funds**               | 29/6/2018      | 31/5/2018      |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value       | \$9670         | \$8905         |
| For Insurance 19/20                 | \$678          | \$452          |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                 | **\$10348**    | **\$9131**     |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                      | Last month  | 12 month average |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                            | \$3,550     | \$3,770          |
| SpaceCash (drinks/events/venue hirer/casual) | \$1,337     | \$1,656          |
| Fund Raising/Prizes/Donations                | \$1,186     | \$235            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                             | **\$6,073** | **\$5,661**      |
|                                              | \$18        |                  |
| EXPENSES                                     | June        | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                    | \$4,224     | \$4,258          |
| Electricity                                  | \$610       | \$342            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$2716/12)             | \$0         | \$226            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                     | \$206       | \$212            |
| Merchant Fees                                | \$80        | \$49             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees                           | \$84        | \$117            |
| Event Expenses                               | \$106       | \$69             |
| Fundraising Expenses                         | \$0         | \$0              |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment Purchases)**     | **\$5,310** | **\$5,626**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment Expenses              | \$763       | \$35             |
|                                              |             |                  |
|                                              | Last Month  | 12 month average |
| Equipment Expenses (Below)                   |             | \$35.18          |

Report:

-   Spending ideas
    -   Benches out back
    -   Benches in studio
    -   Bed big red \$350

#### Membership Report

##### Current Status

Membership as at 2018-06-30:

-   40 (+5) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   22 (+2) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   0 (-1) Family Membership
-   1 (0) Band Memberships **More Bands are Needed**
-   2 (0) The Residency

Family membership to be dropped

1.  Hard to manage in tidy HQ
2.  Not popular
3.  Do it as first member full and second family member concession

##### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days overdue):

-   N/A

##### New memberships for approval

| Rowan Maltman   | Full       |
|-----------------|------------|
| Terry Christou  | Full       |
| Julian Kissling | Concession |
| Robin Wang      | Concession |
| Mike Handley    | Full       |

| Status      | Accepted |
|-------------|----------|
| Moved By    | James    |
| Seconded By | Tanner   |

#### Bandroom Report

-   Bandroom recently cleaned
-   Band though during last sewing workshop
-   Limited interest at the moment
-   Idea: Bands come through on a per session basis under supervision of Tanner
    -   Tanner thinks \$40 per session is good amount
    -   3 hour cut off limit
    -   Motion: Tanner, Second: JM, Accepted
    -   Tanner to organise

### Other Officer's Reports

#### Promotions Officer Report

-   Supanova
-   Not much else

#### Fundraising

-   Grants - due to July, Aug

#### Event Coordinators Report

-   NoizeM - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel)
    -   Chip tunes night
    -   Gabby, Andrew performed
    -   Advertising for resident artists?
        -   They submit form
        -   NoiseM group review
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators Hugh, Doug)
    -   Quiet week - weather
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Lemming)
-   Open Day - (Coordinator Steve, Lemming)
    -   Open
    -   Laser training - organise
-   ADUG - (Coordinator Richard Harrington, Stuart)
    -   Had an event
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator James, Lemming)
    -   Pikapi cosplay event regular ?
-   Other Events
    -   LAN
        -   LAN went well \~22 people at peak
        -   Pentanet sponsorship
            -   Donated network cable (unterminated)
            -   They gave us signs to hang - big one is too big though
            -   Potential internet connection sponsorship 300Mbps
    -   Sewing as discussed
    -   Leather workshop
    -   Perth open source hackersr

### Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   Big red
        -   Replaced lens
        -   Bed is damaged
            -   James raise motion to replace (est \$350), Second: Blake, Approved. Blake to purchase
        -   Big red idea to raise bed
            -   Sacrificial material - MDF?
            -   Steel bars?
            -   Would need prototype
    -   Kellog
        -   Steve has interlock
        -   Have z-probe
        -   Need chiller - ask for member funding when ready to go
        -   Ducting for extraction
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   Ian to help with new computers

### Other Business

-   Reimbursement
    -   James for sanding disk
    -   Mel - wood for supanova roughly \$100 - to send receipts
-   Noise machine
    -   JM: New mixer \$150, Second: Blake, Approved
-   Replacement back workshop table
    -   \$300 for new wood - Stuart, Steve second, approved
-   Cordless tool kit
    -   4 piece kit \$399 Ryobi, JM proposed, second Hugh, approved
    -   Lemming to try and get a discount or sponsorship
-   Constitution change
    -   SGM before AGM to vote in new constitution (when prepared)
    -   Reporting requirements to government annually
    -   Associate membership - band room ones who aren't key holders, no voting rights
    -   SGM/AGM - Saturday 15th September after 1pm (leather workshop)
    -   Constitution by mid August (25 Aug)
    -   Change model constitution to suit us
    -   Prepare constitution as a google doc
    -   Aim to have it done for early august committee meeting
