---
title: 2019-02-23
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:10:11.771Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:34:37.496Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2019.02.23

# Agenda

1.  Review Previous Meeting's Minutes
2.  Review Previous Meeting's Action Items
3.  Correspondence
4.  Property Report
5.  Chairman's Report
6.  Treasurer's Report
7.  Expenses For Approval
8.  Membership Report
9.  Officer Reports
10. Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports
11. Subcommittee Reports
12. Other Business (add one-off agenda items here)
    1.  Bylaw - Subcommittee Rules
    2.  Bylaw - Modification - Resident Artist
    3.  By-Law Modification : Tool Usage Fees
        1.  Welding Gas
        2.  Kellogg Laser Pricing
    4.  3D Printers Recently Acquired
    5.  Member Storage
    6.  Z-Lab
    7.  CAD-More Computers Working Please
    8.  Stage Lighting Rig
    9.  Hackme bench name
    10. *Can add items up to 48 hours before committee meeting*

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Lauren, Iain, Scott, Mel, Lemming, Blake, Steve, Fletcher, Stuart, Hugh
-   Apologies: None
-   Absent: None
-   Minute taker: Blake
-   Chair: Lemming

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 15:05
-   Closed: 16:18
-   Next meeting: 30 March 3pm, 5 weeks

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   Everyone happy

| Moved By    | Steve    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

-   Fletcher - Improve signage for safety equipment and power points
    -   Fletcher has found another member
-   Fletcher/Blake - Laser training checklist - **agree on checklist and add as agenda item to next meeting for approval**
    -   No progress
-   Fletcher - Artifactory induction checklist - **to be emailed through to committee list for review Draft sending through**
    -   In jira - Hand to Stuart
-   Fletcher/Stuart - policy changes from 24/11 - wiki amended? **DONE**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      * 
    * Fletcher/Stuart - By-Law/Membership/Subcommitte policy-establishment changes from 30/01 in wiki **DONE**
    * WHO.... - Refresh first aid kit, contact St John for sponsorship/assistance (first aid kit stock discount and first aid certification discount), check insurance details with Stuart as related to first aid kits  **First Aid Stuff Restocked**
      * Kit purchased
    * Lemming - Updated Materials and artefacts policy - from 29/09 (not 24/11) - wiki amended?
      * On going
    * Bike **Done**
    * Committee - Add Lauren / Remove Felicity for committee access. TidyHQ**Done**`/Google Drive/Google Groups Committee/Google Suite`
    * Stuart - acquisition of 20 storage tubs **Done**
    * Lemming - to investigate off the shelf ones that work with same RFID tags
      * Done - no off the shelf ones, looking at new version of door bot
      * Next step prototype
      * For bandroom and office
      * Estimated cost for board $40, then rpi, rfid, door strikes
    * LotteryWest grant information sessions - Evening of 21st Feb.
      * On going

### Correspondence

-   Travis
    -   Sculpture for Geraldton, 20 March
-   Supernova
    -   Awaiting to hear back
-   Jason - propellerhead youth arts

### Property Report

-   No update

## Chairperson's Report

-   Pentanet is installed
    -   Not yet switched over

## Treasurer's Report

-   Question over how to handle property bond in account
    -   Currently it is on our books - it backs key bond
    -   Claw it back a bit per month, target - next AGM

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

The Treasurer's Disclaimer-The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and may not be 100% correct

|                                           | 31/01/2019     | 31/12/2018     |                                                                             |
|-------------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Bank Accounts                             | \$8473.15      | \$4933.5       |                                                                             |
| Pending from TidyHQ/EFTPOS + Float        | \$357.82       | \$315.64       |                                                                             |
| Guthrie St Bond                           | \$6000         | \$6000         |                                                                             |
| **Balance**                               | **\$14830.97** | **\$11249.14** |                                                                             |
|                                           |                |                |                                                                             |
| **Quarantined Funds**                     | 31/01/2019     | 31/12/2018     |                                                                             |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value             | \$9475         | \$9700         |                                                                             |
| For Insurance 19/20                       | \$2260         | \$2034         | +226 for each month due annually 31/3. (\$2716 in 2018)                     |
| For TidyHQ 19/20                          | \$127.5        | \$85           | +42.5 for each month due annually Oct. (\$510 in 2018)                      |
| For Extra Variable Outgoings 19/20        | \$500          | \$400          | +100 for each month due annually Aug. (\~\$1200 the average from '16'17'18) |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                       | **\$12362.5**  | **\$12219**    |                                                                             |
| **Funds Available (less approved items)** | **\$2468.47**  | **\$0**        | \~-\$200 =tubs + compressor oil + isopropyl                                 |

#### How much money should be available for spending

If you look at **Quarantined Funds** above that is my current justification on what is available for spending. Is the Committee happy with that?

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                     | Jan-19       | monthly average |
|---------------------------------------------|--------------|-----------------|
| Membership Income                           | \$3,690      | \$3,462         |
| Space Cash (drinks/events/tool fees/casual) | \$1,715      | \$1,823         |
| Fundraising                                 | \$5,159      | \$636           |
| Donations                                   |              | \$53            |
| Donations - For Membership                  | \$45         | \$11            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                            | **\$10,609** | **\$5,974**     |
|                                             |              |                 |
| EXPENSES                                    | Jan-19       | monthly average |
| Lease/Utilities/BOC/Bank Fees/Insurance     | \$4,506      | \$5,191         |
| Kitchenette/FundraisingFridge/Toiletries    | \$345        | \$389           |
| Total Regular Expenses                      | \$4,852      | \$5,459         |
| Event Fundraising Expenses                  | \$0          |                 |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses           | \$2,176.20   |                 |
| **Total Expense**                           | **\$7,028**  |                 |

#### PAYID

I've given up trying to do it. NAB Phone people states that only the person who started the first account can. Not the current signatories. Complained to NAB complaints - that this was ridiculous. Further conversations said the branch should be able to sort it. The branch is like what!!.... we will investigate and get back to you...... Not!

#### Endorsed by the ATO for Income Tax Exemption

We received endorsement for Income Tax Exemption - Letter held on the Committee GDRIVE Artifactory/Certificates. Benefit - We can receive a lower electricity supply charge \~60c day and up to a couple cents off per unit cost. On our last bimonthly bill estimated savings would be \$70. Application submitted to Synergy for the Community Service Tariff to get the above. 21/2/19 **Synergy called with the good news that we are now on the community tariff as of 21st**

#### TidyHQ Membership renewal problems

TidyHQ made some change in December which caused memberships when renewed not to have a month added to their current end date of membership and were requiring manual intervention to be fixed. Thanks to Iain for spotting the problem first at end of Jan. Now fixed by TidyHQ.

Access to Artifactory PayPal account \* Has \$30 in it \* We recovered access to it

## Expenses for Approval

-   5 x Scissors and new air blow gun 10cm = \$13.89
-   Electrical Work - \$150 (Treasurer yet to see invoice.)

| Moved By    | Iain     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Membership Report

### Current Status

Membership as at 2019-02-21:

-   34 (-3) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   23 (0) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   2 (0) Band Memberships
-   7 (+5) Associate Memberships

Previous month:

-   37 (-1) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   23 (-2) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   2 (0) Band Memberships
-   2 (0) Associate Memberships

#### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   Jon Gregory (bond to membership)
-   Hui Shan Lim (no bond)
-   Aime-Jayne van Wyk (no bond)
-   Sean Barry (no bond)

| Moved By    | Scott    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

### New memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - None
-   FULL - None
-   BAND - None

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

-   IT Officer
    -   New internet connection - free from Pentanet
    -   Consider - captive portal to show pentanet
-   Event Officers
    -   No Report
-   Rehearsal Room Coordinators
    -   No report
-   Quartermasters
    -   Nothing to report
-   Safety Auditors
    -   Stuart: Lemming to ask James
-   Membership Officers
    -   Nothing to report

## Sub-Committee Reports

### Laser Subcommittee

      * Reviewed spare parts
        * Will buy more lens
      * Kellog tube in big red
      * Waiting for time to try and fault find big red old tube

Committee Discussion/Requests for actions

### IT Subcommittee

(STUART - Do we actually have an IT subcommittee? - It is proposed in the [wiki](/subcommittee/start))

      * REPORT

Committee Discussion/Requests for actions

### Promotions Subcommittee

      * Mel: Meeting next week to discuss upcoming events

Committee Discussion/Requests for actions

### Sponsored Memberships Panel

      * 5 of 6 students accepted the offer from last month. More applications have been received but we not looking at taking more on until end of April at the earliest.
      * Processes are now in place for doing this membership.
      * If we can get more funding then we can ramp up the program.
      * We'll have enough funds for another 6 now plus another 5 new memberships(every three months) come May at the moment.

Committee Discussion/Requests for actions

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

This information is also viewable via [Jira](https://track.artifactory.org.au).

      * [[https://space.artifactory.org.au/media/infrastructure/infra_20190223_done.html|Completed items]]
      * [[https://space.artifactory.org.au/media/infrastructure/infra_20190223_todo.html|Planned items]]
      * Work on the battlestar

Committee Discussion/Requests for actions

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

-   ADUG - (Coordinators - Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**)
    -   Business as usual
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators - Hugh, Doug)
    -   3 new people last time
    -   Several regulars
    -   Going well
-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator - Lemming)
    -   Lemming might be out of action
    -   Iain offered to help run it if needed
-   Board Games Night (Coordinator - Iain)
    -   Didn't happen
    -   Next month will have one
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator - James, Lemming)
    -   Nothing to report
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**)
    -   Not hugely busy but solid - around 30 people
-   General Hacking Day - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself)
    -   Business as usual
-   Leathercraft Workshops - (Coordinator - Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft)
    -   Business as usual
-   MicroPython Hardware Hackers - Perth Django and Python Developers (Coordinators -Phil Wilkinson**\#**)
    -   Need to contact organisers - location is written as "artist factory"
-   Mostly Modular Synth - (Coordinators - Hugh, Jon)
    -   Business as usual OR ANYTHING TO REPORT
-   Noizemaschin!! - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot, Justin B**\#**)
    -   Not since last meeting
-   Open Day - (Coordinator - )
    -   Business as usual
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators - Stephen Price**\#**)
    -   Going well
    -   Reliable event, 6 or so people
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators - Hayleye**\#**)
    -   Sold out for both workshops
-   Wine & Design - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself)
    -   Business as usual
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator - Fletcher)
    -   Business as usual
-   VR Meetup (Coordinator - Iain)
    -   April will be next one
-   OTHER Events

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

## Other Business

Note: "Other Business" must be listed in agenda (top of this page) 48 hours prior to meeting. Any details of an agenda item can be added here at any time.

### By-Law : Subcommittee Rules

STUART - we created the following subcommittee rules back in Sept/Oct 2016. They need to be reviewed, simplified and amended to be consistent with the new constitution [rules 49 and 50](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=constitution#division_5_subcommittees_and_subsidiary_offices).

CURRENT RULES

1.  The subcommittee system is designed to
    1.  Relieve load from the main committee,
    2.  Allow the main committee to benefit from the expertise of other members,
    3.  Allow non-committee members to participate in the management of the space
    4.  Be open to scrutiny and observation by interested members (as is the main committee), and
    5.  <s>Be run in a friendly and collegial manner.</s>
2.  Each subcommittee is subservient to the main committee and exists by fiat of the main committee.
3.  <s>Committees can operate as they see fit within the guidelines, however operation must be either</s>
    1.  <s>Democratic (a majority vote of a quorum of subcommittee members)</s>
    2.  <s>By consensus (all subcommittee members are aware of, it has strong support from, and none are strongly against the proposal)</s>
4.  A subcommittee has responsibility delegated to it by the main committee within defined terms of reference. The terms of reference are determined by the main committee.
5.  \<del\> Any change of membership/Other changes require assent of the main committee (minuted at committee meeting) The subcommittee may invite others to observe and comment but note vote until change of membership is approved.\</del\>
6.  The subcommittee is inactivated with all responsibilities referred back to the main committee if:
    1.  The subcommittee membership falls below 2 members,
    2.  There is no main committee member on the sub-committee,
    3.  The main committee disbands the sub-committee.
    4.  The subcommittee reports to the main committee that they have resolved to disband.
    5.  The subcommittee acts outside their terms of reference.
    6.  <s>An annual or special general meeting is held (a motion may be passed to retain/reactivate all existing subcommittees subject to membership including a committee member).</s>
7.  A quorum of a subcommittee is at least half.
8.  Each subcommittee has the following detailed on the wiki:
    1.  Current Name
    2.  Current Terms of reference
    3.  <s>Current Email list</s>
    4.  Current Members
    5.  Minuted changes to the above made by the main committee or a quorum of the main committee.
9.  Within their area of responsibility, and if it is within their terms of reference, the sub-committee will be the appropriate place for normal members to:
    1.  Obtain permission/training to access/operate,
    2.  Request maintenance or obtain permission to maintain,
    3.  Request a modification or obtain permission to modify, and
    4.  Request updates on the current operational status.
10. Any action taken by the subcommittee should be communicated to all members of the subcommittee <s>(preferably by a message on the appropriate list or notes on the wiki)</s>
    1.  Sub-committees are encouraged to nominate a secretary to be responsible for minuting and reporting.
    2.  Sub-committees should generally operate on a "plan" then "do" model which enables all members of the subcommittee to be aware of the plans before they are put into effect.
    3.  Membership of a sub-committee does not give individuals the freedom to act unilaterally. A sub-committee has been formed by the main committee to allow a team to work on a task.
11. The subcommittee should be ready and willing to report the current status of any action they are undertaking to:
    1.  Their own members <s>(on request)</s>
    2.  A main committee member <s>(on request)</s>
    3.  The main committee <s>(at each committee meeting)</s>

More detailed information may require reference to particular subcommittee members, but in general this information should be available on <s>that</s> sub-committee's wiki page.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**new parts are in bold**

1.  The subcommittee system is designed to
    1.  Relieve load from the main committee,
    2.  Allow the main committee to benefit from the expertise of other members,
    3.  Allow non-committee members to participate in the management of the space,
    4.  Be open to scrutiny and observation by interested members (as is the main committee), and
    5.  Be run in a friendly and collegial manner.
2.  Each subcommittee is subservient to the main committee and exists by fiat of the main committee **and within the rules of the Constitution 49+50**
3.  **A determination made by the subcommittee is to be made by a simple majority of subcommittee members.**
4.  A subcommittee has responsibility delegated to it by the main committee within defined terms of reference. The terms of reference are determined by the main committee.
5.  **Any change of membership/Other changes require assent of the main committee unless the subcommittee has been granted autonomy in this area and must be minuted regardless. The subcommittee may invite others to observe**
6.  The subcommittee is inactivated with all responsibilities referred back to the main committee if:
    1.  The subcommittee membership falls below 2 members,
    2.  There is no main committee member on the sub-committee,
    3.  The main committee disbands the sub-committee.
    4.  The subcommittee reports to the main committee that they have resolved to disband.
    5.  The subcommittee acts outside their terms of reference.
    6.  **At the first Committee Meeting after the AGM or SGM all subcommittees will be dissolved unless reaffirmed by the management committee subject to membership including a committee member**
7.  A quorum of a subcommittee is at least half.
8.  Each subcommittee has the following detailed on the wiki:
    1.  Current Name
    2.  Current Terms of reference
    3.  Current Members **(Full Name)**
    4.  **Current Communication method**
    5.  **Any change of membership/Other Changes to the above must minuted in the subcommittee minutes. Changes to the Chair/Secretary or Panel of the subcommittee must be reported to the main committee at a meeting.**
9.  Within their area of responsibility, and if it is within their terms of reference, the sub-committee will be the appropriate place for normal members to:
    1.  Obtain permission/training to access/operate,
    2.  Request maintenance or obtain permission to maintain,
    3.  Request a modification or obtain permission to modify, and
    4.  Request updates on the current operational status.
10. Any action taken by the subcommittee should be communicated to all members of the subcommittee
    1.  Sub-committees are encouraged to nominate a secretary to be responsible for minuting and reporting.
    2.  Sub-committees should generally operate on a "plan" then "do" model which enables all members of the subcommittee to be aware of the plans before they are put into effect.
    3.  Membership of a sub-committee does not give individuals the freedom to act unilaterally. A sub-committee has been formed by the main committee to allow a team to work on a task.
11. The subcommittee should be ready and willing to report the current status of any action they are undertaking to:
    1.  Their own members
    2.  A main committee member
    3.  The main committee at each committee meeting

More detailed information may require reference to a particular subcommittee members, but in general this information should be available as determined by the subcommittee and stated where in the wiki the location which in sub-committee's wiki page.

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lemming  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Classification Modification : Associate Membership - Resident Artist - NoizeMaschin!!

(STUART) - Below is to ensure we get the key back or have funds to replace the lock and keys if we need.

Under "Rehearsal room usage" additional point -

-   If the Resident Artist wants a key to access the Rehearsal Room they must pay a key bond equivalent to a Band Membership one and be provided with a way to book the band room.

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lemming  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Welding Gas

(STUART - for committee to note) - Cost \$108 per year for a refill.(double checked - not two refills) While costs were covered in the years 2016-17, 2017-18 No funds have been received for the current financial year for that.

### By-Law Modification : Tool Usage Fees

(STUART) For welding it is currently written as -\>

Welding:

-   Member Rate: \$20 an hour or part there of
-   Casual User Rate: \$20 an hour or part there of

Amend to

Welding with Gas:

-   Member Rate: \$15 an hour or part there of
-   Casual User Rate: \$20 an hour or part there of

REASONING - The current costing implies that the non-gas varieties cost the same when they shouldn't

Nick mentioned tracking cost with new door bot board.

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

That laser cutting cost for Kellogg be set at the same price as little red.

Under Laser Cutters add word in bold.

Member Rate: Big Red \$0.20 Little Red/**Kellogg** \$0.10 per minute rounded up to the nearest dollar. Casual User Rate: \$5 per 10 minutes rounded up to the nearest \$5.

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### 3D Printers Recently Acquired

Oven, recovery machine, colour one, two other models

-   Iain explain 3D printers
    -   450 colour and self contained
    -   310 single colour one
-   cannibalise keep 2 and cannibalise one
-   Print costs around 50c/g
-   Not 15A requirement

### Member Storage - Clamping down on the ever expanding stuff

(Stuart) - different size lockers / pallet racking storage / tub storage - how many allowed, etc. What is a fair amount of stuff to have at the 'factory. It is a difficult topic to reach consensus on so...........

ITEM 1

Do a survey monkey of members (excluding associates) covering the following questions

-   What is a fair amount of storage volume per member? ...supply various options
    -   ie based on the largest locker of 250L - 5black tubs
    -   next size down locker 150L - 3 tubs
    -   ie.....
-   Should we get rid of all lockers and go all storage tubs?
-   Is it ok to go over for a bit and for how long?
-   Should there be costs for going over? ie buy additional storage? where?
    -   Example Cost per month extra storage (we should provide several pricing options.)
        -   \$40 for half a pallet rack shelf
        -   \$75 for a full pallet rack shelf
        -   (comment...... If people want to pay and we don't have enough - buy more)
        -   (Maybe include example of cost with storage place next door.
    -   What should be excluded -
        -   Projects with a time frame of less than 3 months....
-   Any other thoughts......

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Goal - Survey Results before next meeting
-   Who wants input on the questions - committe list
-   Who - Stuart

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Motion: Minimum storage requirement will be minimum two stacked 50L tubs
    -   Fletcher / Steve
    -   Approved

ITEM 2.

-   that the committee resolves to identify stuff at the Artifactory that may not necessarily belong to the Artifactory. (beyond member lockers+tubs)
-   photos of stuff of uncertain ownership be put to slack/google list for further identification
-   any stuff not identified or unwanted - Artifactory Declares Ownership

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Goal - Complete identification before next meeting
-   Who - Stuart, Scott

ITEM 3.

-   that the committee divides up the pallet racking and label shelves for each purpose
-   storage with people next door

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Goal - Complete before next meeting
-   Who - Respective subcommittees to get back to Stuart

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

### Z-Lab - Declare a budget

We estimated it was going to cost \$580 last year based on a specific material list that we still have. The plans are lost. Lets approve that amount to get it started and delegate the build to the Infrastructure subcommittee.

-   Clean benches
-   Trim back benches
-   Martin to do electrical work
-   Also need to fix leak on roof

Let's budget \$600 for the above and that includes \$20

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Scott    |
| Status      | Accepted |

Electrical work will need to be done for power points. - Ask infrastructure committee to get a quote on what? - If 4 of the committee approve the costing via email. Then the spend can happen.

### Stage Lighting Rig

(Stuart) Skot advises that it is likely that as part of his course, funds will probably be available for a lighting Rig. If so, then we'll have a proper lighting Rig for the stage at no cost to the Artifactory.

1.  Any objections?
2.  If he can do it, he'd like to see if we can a student in on the sponsored membership for the build and setup of operation. Any objections? All fine

### CAD-More Computers Working Please

(Stuart)propose 3 windows PCs and CAD room clean to go with

-   Discussion on computers
-   Windows 10, \$14 per license
-   Scott to look after

### Hackme bench name

Can the hackme bench have a new name to differentiate between it and the hack rack?

Leave with infrastructure subcommittee

OTHER BUSINESS DISCUSSION

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
