---
title: Committee Meeting - 2019-07-27
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:11:11.441Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:36:01.709Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2019.07.27

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Blake, Stuart, Scott, Lemming, Iain, Mel, Lauren, Hugh
-   Apologies: Fletcher, Steve
-   Absent: None
-   Observing: Nigel
-   Minute taker: Blake
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 3.03pm
-   Closed: 4.32pm

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   No issues

| Moved By    | Mel      |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

-   Stuart - Artifactory induction checklist.
    -   Emailed draft through for review
    -   No feedback, in progress
-   Lemming - RFID door locks: Build prototype.
    -   Parts on there way
-   Committee - LotteryWest Grant: next session is 27 August. RSVP by 20 August.
    -   Scott and Mel will go
    -   ACTION: Scott/Mel to RSVP
-   Stuart - Pallet racking storage: Divide up into labelled areas based on subcommittee feedback.
    -   Stuart has labelled shelves - DONE
-   Committee - No Exit signs need to be worded as No Escape
    -   Don't need to be illuminated
    -   Laser cut signs?
    -   Pending someone doing it.
-   Fletcher - Belts for compressor: Contacted suppliers
    -   Ashley has done maintenance on compressor - tightened belts
    -   Belts still pending replacement
-   <s>Blake - Add next meeting reminder to end of meeting minutes template</s> - Done
-   <s>Stuart - Remove safety auditor officer from template</s> - Done

## Correspondence

-   Fletching talking to Joan - stuff to sell
    -   Not worth buying
-   General messages through for people after help
-   More general questions through facebook
-   3D printer filament samples were just short sections

## Incident Reports

-   Dinosaur attack - has been lodged in register

## Property Report

-   Rain
    -   Tubs catching leaks
    -   Nothing getting into z-lab
    -   Leave for now
-   Lighting rig
    -   Skot working on it
-   Circuit breaker
    -   Lemming theory that someone plugged into powerpoint in lobby because its on lighting circuit and trips power
    -   ACTION: Lemming talk to Martin for quote for powerpoint in welding bay

## Chairperson's Report

-   Business as usual

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

|                                                        | 30/06/2019     | 31/05/2019     |                                                            |
|--------------------------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| Bank Accounts (excluding Auspicing)                    | \$6158.11      | \$6360.98      |                                                            |
| Pending from TidyHQ/EFTPOS/Cash + Float                | \$2611.24      | \$941.96       |                                                            |
| **BALANCE**                                            | **\$8769.35**  | **\$7302.94**  | Ideally this should be larger than bond value              |
| Guthrie St Bond                                        | \$6000         | \$6000         |                                                            |
|                                                        |                |                |                                                            |
| **Quarantined Funds**                                  | 30/06/2019     | 31/05/2019     |                                                            |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value                          | **\$9875**     | **\$9935**     |                                                            |
| For Insurance 19/20                                    | \$696          | \$464          | +232 for each month due annually 31/3. (\$2781.25 in 2019) |
| For TidyHQ 19/20                                       | \$340          | \$297.5        | +42.5 for each month due annually Oct. (\$510 in 2018)     |
| For Extra Variable Outgoings 19/20                     | \$1000         | \$900          | +100 for each month due annually Aug. (\$620 in 2018)      |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                                    | **\$11911**    | **\$11596.5**  |                                                            |
| **Funds Available (+Yes -NO) BALANCE-DESIRED BALANCE** | **\$-3141.65** | **\$-4293.56** |                                                            |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                     | Jun-19      | monthly average |
|---------------------------------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Membership Income                           | \$2,835     | \$3,542         |
| Space Cash (drinks/events/tool fees/casual) | \$2,579     | \$2,169         |
| Fundraising                                 | \$1,660     | \$666           |
| Donations                                   |             | \$71            |
| Donations - For Membership                  | \$90        | \$49            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                            | **\$7,164** | **\$6,447**     |
|                                             |             |                 |
| EXPENSES                                    | \$43,635    | monthly average |
| Lease/Utilities/BOC/Bank Fees/Insurance     | \$5,226     | \$5,250         |
| Kitchenette/FundraisingFridge/Toiletries    | \$590       | \$473           |
| Total Regular Expenses                      | **\$5,816** | **\$5,723**     |
| Fundraising Expenses                        | \$69        | \$238           |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses           | \$132       | \$494           |
| **Total Expense**                           | **\$6,017** |                 |

-   Financials for the Annual Report have been provided for the committee. Please review. Annual report under preparation for the upcoming AGM.
-   Extra Lease Outgoings came in as \$442.66 for 18-19. To be paid on 01/08. Under budget by roughly 700 odd. Good news.
-   Owed to the Artifactory \~\$2600 26/7/19 (Excluding some bond invoices)
-   Discussion around negotiating a lower lease price

## Expenses for Approval

-   Iain \$140 materials for dice boxes (supernova)

| Moved By    | Scott    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stu      |
| Status      | Accepted |

-   Lisa dice boxes materials \$350 (supernova)

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lemming  |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Membership Report

### Current Status

Membership as at 2019-07-26:

-   35 (0) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   29 (0) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   3 (0) Band Memberships
-   3 (-3) Associate Memberships

Last Month - Membership as at 2019-06-21:

-   35 (+3) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   29 (+1) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   3 (0) Band Memberships
-   6 (+2) Associate Memberships

### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   none. Though looks to be a couple coming up next month.

### New memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - Ashleigh Williams, Patrick Kent
-   FULL - Gwynneth Jones

| Moved By    | Iain     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lemming  |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

-   IT Officer
    -   No news
    -   Friend of Lemming wants cheapest one for rails
    -   Stuart: Do we have enough cable to rerun network? No
-   Event Officers
    -   There was lots of events in July.
    -   No further news from LARP group. Gone silent. 3 weeks back.
-   Rehearsal Room Coordinators
    -   Tanner says he might have another band interested
-   Quartermasters
    -   All Good
-   Membership Officers
    -   No news
-   Membership Storage Officer
    -   (Stuart) - FYI - 48 Storage Locations in total. (Excluding Oversized lockers). Likely need for more in the coming months. Where?

Side note: Aluminium can recycling being used. Mel will send off for recycling.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   ACTION: Blake - get quote for 60W tube, little red
    -   ACTION: Blake - schedule in busy bee for commissioning Kellogg 2 weeks
    -   Use CW3000 on swarfomat
    -   New control panel for little red
    -   Buy CW5000 for Kellogg
    -   Discussed more power in little red
        -   Not really worth it - power supply and tube mounts and size of unit
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   Wiki - ACTION: Stuart/Scott to setup meeting to discuss new wiki
-   Promotions Subcommittee
    -   Supernova happened - overall \$1100 profit
    -   Science week - probably not much involvement
    -   B-sides in September
    -   Lemming/Teresa RFLAN
        -   Small challenges
        -   28th-29 sept
        -   Looking for volunteers
-   Sponsored Memberships Panel
    -   Applications Received x 2 - Accepted. Offers sent but no response.
-   Infrastructure Subcommittee
    -   No news

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

Tech

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - no news
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - going well
-   MicroPython Hardware Hackers - Perth Django and Python Developers (Coordinators: Phil Wilkinson**\#**) - haven't seen them
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) - no news

Games

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) -
-   Board Games Night (Coordinator: Iain) - ACTION: Blake to delete from template.
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) - 3 player chess sucks

Cosplay and Craft

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) -
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) -
-   Crafternoon
    -   New people into the space
    -   Booked another one for next months
    -   Feedback that Sunday is good time for people busy on Saturday
    -   Shift every few open days to Sunday
    -   Cupcakes and brownies were good

Music

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) -
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) -
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot, Justin B**\#**) - \#95 was a great success. \$800-\$900 for the 'factory.

General

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) -
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) -

Other (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Rockets for Kent Street SHS

(added by Melanie 23/07 9:36pm)

Approval needed for wood purchase and laser time to produce 40 rockets. Will sell to Kent St SHS for \$200

Committee is happy with this. Estimated \$30 for materials - approve materials next time.

### Lisa's dice boxes as Supanova

(added by Melanie 23/07 9:36pm)

Lisa sold 23 small boxes for \$25 each, and 3 large boxes at \$45 each for a total of \$710 during the Supanova weekend. The production has cost nothing to the Artifactory, Lisa has purchased the wood, varnish, felt needed for production with the own fund and has paid the Artifactory for the laser time too. Lisa would like to donate 50% of the sale to the Artifactory (\$360) and retain \#350 for herself. As the Artifactory collected all the fund, can we approve for her to be paid back.

### 3D Printers

-   Failure of mainboard - plugged in to wrong power supply
-   Estimate \$50 to repair
-   Iain driving the fix - replacement of RAMPs board

1.  Motion: Iain
2.  Second: Stu
3.  Approved

-   Da Vinci
    -   Head is the main problem
    -   Head could be replaced - has been previously replaced
    -   V2 chineesum wont leak out of head - could fix our issue
    -   Only limit is time

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Anet A8
    -   \$250
    -   1.75mm filament - PLA/HEPS
    -   Auto level with minor mods
    -   Already another solid printer

We would get more use out of a resin printer. Committee agrees around \$500 is probably a safe amount to spend.

Resin higher quality prints and complements the PLA printers.

ACTION: Iain - get quotes on resin printer.

### AGM Date

14 Sept for AGM, 1pm.

ACTION: Blake - send out notice for AGM

BBQ before.

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 24 August, 3pm, n weeks

## Action Summary

-   Stuart - Artifactory induction checklist: out for review
-   Lemming - RFID door locks: Build prototype
-   Lemming - Powerpoint in welding bay: Quote from electrician
-   Scott/Mel - LotteryWest Grant session: Scott/Mel to RSVP by 20 August and go on 27 August
-   Committee - No Exit signs need to be worded as No Escape: laser cut some signs
-   Fletcher - Belts for compressor
-   Blake - Little red repairs: obtain quote for tube and control panel
-   Blake - Chiller for Kellogg: obtain quote for CW5000
-   Blake - Kellogg busy bee: schedule a session for Kellogg commissioning
-   Stuart/Scott - New wiki: schedule meeting to discuss
-   Blake - Delete board games night from wiki
-   Iain - Resin 3D Printer: get quotes
-   Blake - Send out AGM notice
