---
title: Committee Meeting - 2019-12-07
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:11:53.420Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:36:57.153Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2019.12.07

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Hugh, Vincent, Fletcher, Lauren, Jean, Stuart, Iain
-   Apologies: Melanie
-   Absent: Steve
-   Observing: NAMES
-   Minute taker: Jean-Michel
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 3:08pm
-   Closed: 3:43pm
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Vincent  |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

-   ACTIONS

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      *Purchase a replacement Hard disk drive for server - IT - (Scott)
      *Selling/disposal of printers - (Scott)
      *Purchase a new tube for Little Red - Lasers - (Blake and Fletcher investigating)
      *Email SCW/CHCW re: Artifactory involvement and external parties representing space. (Fletcher)
      *Update Meeting template - Event Reporting - Sunday Crafternoon  (Fletcher) DONE
      *Purchase a Vectric Makerspace subscription - (Vincent has emailed) waiting on response - no reply
      *DoorBot status report follow up with Lemming - (Vincent)-discussion ongoing. 
      *Zlab left in messy state. Remind members to cleanup after themselves. (Steve)
      *Official warning to be given privately regarding conduct during event.(Steve to followup) DONE
      *Update workspace usage policy to bylaws - (JM) DONE
      *Update Intellectual property to bylaws - (JM) DONE
      *Update Artifactory expenses proposal policy - (JM) DONE
      *Update 3D printer prices - (JM) DONE
      *Update subcommittee roles - (JM) DONE

## Correspondence

#### Gill'd Community Grant

-   Member Kym applied for a small community grant 31/10 from Grill’d Leederville.
-   6/11 Advised we are eligible for a Grant are \$100-300 and works on the basis jar voting. We will be advised which month a jar will appear for us.

## Incident Reports

-   Angle grinder potential incident, added an item to other business

## Property Report

-   Door got hit yesterday, seems to have survived. Beau looking into it.

## Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
       *Business as usual

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report. We're also trialing an automated version of this report [here](https://finance.artifactory.org.au).

|                                                        | 30/11/2019      | 31/10/2019      |                                                            |
|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| Bank Accounts (excluding Auspicing)                    | \$12,618.87     | \$12,943.70     |                                                            |
| Pending from TidyHQ/EFTPOS/Cash + Float                | \$944.32        | \$558.17        |                                                            |
| **BALANCE**                                            | **\$13,563.19** | **\$13,501.87** | Ideally should be larger than bond value                   |
| Guthrie St Bond                                        | \$6000          | \$6000          |                                                            |
|                                                        |                 |                 |                                                            |
| **Quarantined Funds**                                  | 30/11/2019      | 31/10/2019      |                                                            |
| Estimated Key Bond                                     | **\$11,060.00** | **\$10,775.00** |                                                            |
| For Insurance 19/20                                    | \$1,856.00      | \$1,624.00      | +232 for each month due annually 31/3. (\$2781.25 in 2019) |
| For TidyHQ 19/20                                       | \$49.00         | \$0.00          | +49 for each month due annually Oct. (\$588.75 in 2019)    |
| For Extra Outgoings 19/20                              | \$400.00        | \$300.00        | +100 for each month due annually Aug. (\$442.66 in 2019)   |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                                    | **\$13,365.00** | **\$12,699.00** |                                                            |
| **Funds Available (+Yes -NO) BALANCE-DESIRED BALANCE** | **\$198.19**    | **\$802.87**    |                                                            |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond + Money Collected on behalf of others) | Nov-19      | monthly average |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Membership Income                                             | \$3,740     | \$3,709         |
| Space Cash (drinks/events/tool fees/casual)                   | \$946       | \$2,368         |
| Fundraising/Grants                                            | \$1,000     | \$718           |
| Donations                                                     |             | \$27            |
| Donations - For Membership                                    | \$90        | \$83            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                                              | **\$5,776** | **\$6,905**     |
|                                                               |             |                 |
| EXPENSES                                                      | \$43,788    | monthly average |
| Lease/Utilities/BOC/Bank Fees/Insurance                       | \$5,150     | \$5,222         |
| Kitchenette/FundraisingFridge/Toiletries/Sale Program         | \$618       | \$588           |
| Total Regular Expenses                                        | **\$5,768** | **\$5,810**     |
| Fundraising Expenses                                          | \$117       | \$250           |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses                             | \$365       | \$502           |
| **Total Expense**                                             | **\$6,249** |                 |

## Expenses for Approval

-   \$160 - New (to us) drill press. <https://www.carbatec.com.au/pedestal-drill-press-12-speed-old-code-dp-4119f>
-   \$155 - Lisa's Madman payout, cut agreed by Fletcher, Scott, Iain.
-   \$300 - CAD room revamp supplies (steel tubing and paint). We'll attempt to get lower but this is an approximation. Supported by the Alby Made grant.

| Moved By    | Fletcher    |
|-------------|-------------|
| Seconded By | Jean-Michel |
| Status      | Accepted    |

## Membership Report

### Current Status

Membership as at 2019-xx-xx:

-increase in members

### New memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - Patrick Kent.
-   FULL - Ryan Coleman, Roland Adeney, Barry Marshall, Oscar White, Adam Mellor
-   Associate - Daniel Ohm, Jonah Meggs

### New membership not approved

-   CONSESSION - Addam Eid

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

-   IT Officer
    -   REPORT
-   Event Officers
    -   REPORT
-   Rehearsal Room Coordinators
    -   Aircon remote not working
-   Quartermasters
    -   REPORT
-   Membership Officers
    -   REPORT
-   Membership Storage Officer
    -   REPORT

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   discussion around laser tube purchase
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   Progress on wiki stuff
-   Promotions Subcommittee
    -   Fringe coming up. Collab with Perth Machine learning group.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
         *Potential promotional to tie in
    * Sponsored Memberships Panel
      * +2 memberships
    * Infrastructure Subcommittee
      * We had a meeting. Did a bunch of stuff. coming up with a wish list.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

Tech

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - Haven't paid for a while. Haven't replied to email.
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - Fine
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) - 2 people, event runner was late.

Games

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) - On now
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) - Chess was played

Cosplay and Craft

-   Crafternoon (Coordinator: Lauren) - Lots of people, chilled vibe.
-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) - BAU
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - BAU
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) - NA

Music

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - NA
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) - Didn't add to calendar. Band on the same time, conflicted.
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) -Attendance: 30ish

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        *Lots of self-made instruments
        *New resident artist Danny.
        *Ongoing sound problems (50hz hum and lots of noise)
     *Future plans:  Finish building lighting rig.
        *Storage racks for PA equipment.
        *Audio setup and troubleshooting session
        *Make recording simpler (4 channels)

General

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) - Busy and had people
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) - visitors

Idea to integrate calendars, Other (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
       *Fringe make event. Collab with Machine learning group approved.

## Other Business

### Administering of Arts Grants “The Reinvention Room” is finished

This is a report to the Committee and no action is required.

-   Background Artifactory acted as Auspicor.(Administrator of the Grant on behalf of Propel Youth Arts) Members Stuart and Jean-Michel managed it.
-   Final report received on the project 01/11/2019.
-   All documents associated with Auspicing are in the Committee GDrive - Treasurer - Auspicing - Reinvention Room.

Pros and Cons of Auspicing a Grant for future reference.

-   It is does require some effort for those Artifactory members that agree to monitor it on behalf of the Artifactory.
-   We did receive a fee 3% of the Grant. In the future maybe at least go double.
-   We ended up with a new permanent member as well as received tool usage fees for lasers, welding and membership fees that allowed for those running the project to be umbrella under our insurance.
-   The Artifactory received promotional exposure

Recommendations for the future

-   Those taking on Auspicing of the Future should be aware that it will be time intensive at times.
-   It would be easier to keep their Insurance coverage separate from ours
-   Don't get involved in grants where the Artifactory would have to pay wages. (Not that that was a thing with this)
-   A separate bank account was opened to administer that Grant. Definitely do that again in the future.

### Tool specific inductions

As the space evolves we've got more and more tools that have a serious risk of injury if used improperly. The Infrastructure subcommittee will usually have a high % of tool skilled members and can adequately identify the more dangerous tools.

By-law addition: Tool inductions

The Infrastructure Subcommittee may gate dangerous tools behind a tool specific induction at their discretion and appoint trainers.

A list of gated tools and appointed trainers must be made available on the wiki and on or near the tools themselves.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Laser

The laser subcommittee still hasn't bought a tube, should we adjust or rescind our spending motions and/or provide more direction for the subcommittee?

Committee discussion regarding laser tube decisions. Decision made at previous meeting still stands.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### OTHER BUSINESS HEADER

OTHER BUSINESS BODY

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **NEXT_MEETING** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 3pm 11th January 2020, 5 weeks

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
       *Purchase a replacement Hard disk drive for server - IT - (Scott)
       *Purchase a Vectric Makerspace subscription - (Vincent has emailed) waiting on response - no reply
       *DoorBot status report follow up with Lemming - (Vincent)-discussion ongoing.
       *Selling/disposal of printers - (Scott)
       *Email SCW/CHCW re: Artifactory involvement and external parties representing space. (Fletcher)
       *Purchase a replacement Hard disk drive for server - IT - (Scott)
       *Zlab left in messy state. Remind members to cleanup after themselves. (Steve)
       *By-law addition: Tool inductions (JM) 
