---
title: 2019-10-02
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:11:33.530Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:36:31.546Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2019.10.02

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Fletcher, Steve, Vincent, Ian, Mel, Jean-Michel, Lauren, Hugh
-   Apologies: Scott, Stuart
-   Absent: NAMES
-   Observing: Steve Garren, Michael O'Connor
-   Minute taker: Jean-Michel
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: OPEN 7:34pm
-   Closed: CLOSE
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

-   ACTIONS

## Correspondence

-   We may have a guest visiting in November, Steve has more details.
-   Steve - Nobel Laureate

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

## Incident Reports

-   No incidents

## Property Report

-   Maintenance performed on front roller door

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

|                                                        | 30/09/2019      | 31/08/2019      |                                                            |
|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| Bank Accounts                                          | \$12,568.43     | \$10,363.29     |                                                            |
| Pending from TidyHQ/EFTPOS/Cash + Float                | \$344.44        | \$819.05        |                                                            |
| **BALANCE**                                            | **\$12,912.87** | **\$11,182.34** | Ideally should be larger than bond value                   |
| Guthrie St Bond                                        | \$6000          | \$6000          |                                                            |
|                                                        |                 |                 |                                                            |
| **Quarantined Funds**                                  | 30/09/2019      | 31/08/2019      |                                                            |
| Estimated Key Bond                                     | **\$10,775.00** | **\$11,135.00** |                                                            |
| For Insurance 19/20                                    | \$1,392.00      | \$1,160.00      | +232 for each month due annually 31/3. (\$2781.25 in 2019) |
| For TidyHQ 19/20                                       | \$467.50        | \$425.00        | +42.5 for each month due annually Oct. (\$510 in 2018)     |
| For Extra Outgoings 19/20                              | \$200.00        | \$100.00        | +100 for each month due annually Aug. (\$442.66 in 2019)   |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                                    | **\$12,834.50** | **\$12,820.00** |                                                            |
| **Funds Available (+Yes -NO) BALANCE-DESIRED BALANCE** | **\$78.37**     | **-\$1,637.66** |                                                            |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond + Money Collected on behalf of others) | Sep-19      | monthly average |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Membership Income                                             | \$3,590     | \$3,728         |
| Space Cash (drinks/events/tool fees/casual/other)             | \$3,505     | \$2,502         |
| Fundraising Events                                            |             | \$639           |
| Donations                                                     | \$100       | \$35            |
| Donations - For Membership                                    | \$90        | \$71            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                                              | **\$7,285** | **\$6,905**     |
|                                                               |             |                 |
| EXPENSES                                                      | \$43,727    | monthly average |
| Lease/Utilities/BOC/Bank Fees/Insurance                       | \$4,418     | \$5,226         |
| Kitchenette/FundraisingFridge/Toiletries                      | \$472       | \$562           |
| Total Regular Expenses                                        | **\$4,890** | **\$5,789**     |
| Fundraising Expenses                                          |             | \$285           |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses                             | \$304       | \$459           |
| **Total Expense**                                             | **\$5,194** |                 |

## Expenses for Approval

-   \$70.70 for 10th birthday supplies

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Melanie  |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Membership Report

### Current Status

Membership as at 2019-10-01:

-   39 (+3) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   25 (-1) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   6 (0) Band Memberships
-   5 (-1) Associate Memberships

Membership as at 2019-08-22:

-   36 (+2) Full Members (Mnthly+Qrtly+Annual);
-   26 (-3) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   6 (+3) Band Memberships
-   6 (+3) Associate Memberships

### New memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - Jayden Saw
-   FULL - Bryce Cameron, Miles Flavel, Ben Dwyer, Michael O'Connor, Scott Simons
-   BAND - None
-   RESIDENT ARTIST - Minouck Duin

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports for this meeting should only include items that the committee needs to act on

-   Event Officers
    -   REPORT
-   Rehearsal Room Coordinators
    -   REPORT

## Subcommittee Reports

Reports for this meeting should only include items that the committee needs to act on

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   Middle Red is ready for training, checklist in progress.
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   New wiki incoming, new site proposal incoming
-   Promotions Subcommittee
    -   Madman this weekend
-   Sponsored Memberships Panel
    -   1 new membership application -JM
-   Infrastructure Subcommittee
    -   CAD room revamp incoming

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        -desk on other side
        -l bench
        -rip out carpet
        -gonna look nice

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Server HDD replacement

One of the 2.5" 450G SAS drives in the server has failed and needs to be replaced.

Authorise the IT subcommittee to purchase a replacement drive provided that the IT Officer deems the cost reasonable.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Little Red laser tube

The tube in Little Red is beyond usable and needs to be replaced. Fundraising within the Laser Subcommittee has produced \$500 for a replacement.

Authorise the Laser Subcomittee to purchase a new tube for Little Red provided that the cost is under \$500 and deemed reasonable by the head of the Laser Subcommittee

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | JM       |
| Status      | Accepted |

### VCarve makerspace license

We've recently received \$1000 from Gage Roads/Alby nominally for CAD room upgrades and workshop expenses. A good use of some of this money would be subscribing to Vectric's Makerspace program.

<https://www.vectric.com/support/makerspace-sign-up>

-   US\$100/yr
-   5 copies of VCarve Pro for the space
-   Unlimited number of "client" VCarve licenses for use on member's personal computers. Client version can be used for design and files saved in a "locked" state that can be unlocked by VCarve in the space.

Authorise the IT Subcommittee to spend US\$100 for the purchase of a Vectric Makerspace subscription

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Power distribution

One of our semi-regular event hosts PikaPi/Hayley typically brings 10 heat guns for her cosplay workshops. Power distribution for this many high draw tools in one area currently requires disrupting multiple high use areas of the space. Running 15A distribution from the front and rear of the warehouse should neatly solve this problem.

2x 15A 4 port portable power block 98.80/ea 1x 15A 15m extension lead \$32.92

Authorise the Infrastructure subcommittee to spend \$231 on 15A distribution equipment

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Swan Community Workshops

The Artifactory is a foundation member of <https://www.swancommunityworkshops.org.au/> but we don't seem to have received a proper update of our involvement from Nick. (who appears to have been representing us) The 2018-2019 committee did not receive any information regarding SCW and we need to send someone along to their upcoming AGM to figure out what is actually going on.

Authorise Fletcher Boyd and an authorised representative to exclusively represent The Artifactory at the SCW/CHCW AGM

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Melanie  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Equipment donation

We have received a donation of monitors that are potentially surplus to requirements within the space. (Currently stored in the CAD room)

Authorise the IT Officer to sell the surplus monitors at a price deemed reasonable by the IT Officer and two committee members

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Desktop Label Printer

The current label maker is slow and inconvenient to use. Propose to purchase a desktop label printer and connect it to a Raspberry Pi web-server. This would allow members to quickly print labels of various sizes, including detailed black-and-white images. Further notes have been posted to the committee channel, and to [OpenLabelmaker](/projects/OpenLabelmaker).

-   Brother QL-700 Desktop Label printer (\$99)
-   Raspberry Pi Zero W (\$21), USB adaptor (\$5.00), micro SD card (\$8.50)
-   RFID reader (\$5.50), Arduino nano (\$3.00)

Authorise Vincent Dalstra to spend \$142 on a Desktop Label Printer & peripherals

| Moved By    | Vincent  |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Deferred |

### Resource Officers

Not everyone should be able to speak with businesses on behalf the space. This officer role endeavours to solve that issue.

Define the Resource Officer role with the following duties:

-   Open and administer trade accounts on behalf of The Artifactory provided that they do not include a line of credit.
-   Authorised to communicate with suppliers and commercial donors on behalf of The Artifactory.

Any actions authorised by this role must be documented in a manner dictated by the Treasurer.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

Appoint Vincent D, Jason K, Beau D, Joshua R, Iain G, Fletcher B, Mel M, Scott S as resource officers

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Sale program

There are consumables/material that are commonly used by members that are cheaper when imported or bought in bulk. If The Artifactory stocks/sells some of these items it would be a benefit to members. A small markup would help justify the time spent by volunteers.

Authorise the Treasurer to set up a purchase/sale program within the space with pricing set at their discretion.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

Modify the Artifactory Expenses By-Law to include the following as a purchase authorisation:

-   Material for the sale to the value of \$250 at discretion of Fletcher, with view to evaluate at next meeting.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Storage restriction violation

:

\- This proposal in for a new bylaw to apply to all members - This by-law will be reviewed within 6 months, or it will lapse (2/4/2020). This review may extend, make permanent, or revoke the by-law, or any other action the management committee determines. - The bylaw:

     - Workspace usage policy
       - No usage of workspace may conflict with an event
         - unless approved by a committee member
         - the onus is on the member using the workspace to determine if a conflicting event will be held
       - No member may occupy more than 3 tables within the space
         - while they are in the space (this includes short excursions of up to 5 hours). 
         - unless approved by a committee member.
         - if a member is using more than one table they must be located in either the main area of the space and/or outside.  Multiple tables in a single area must be positioned together.
         - the table will be assumed to be moveable while the member is absent.
         - unless the demand for tables exceeds the supply (the member should relinquish table(s) as necessary but may retain the use of 1)
         - unless a committee member requires the member to relinquish table(s)
       - No member occupying a single table may leave the space for more than 18 hours.
         - unless approved by a committee member 
         - All material outside their allocated storage must be on/under the table
         - the table will be assumed to be moveable while the member is absent.  
       - No member may store any material outside their allocated storage (except as provided above)
         - unless authorised by another by-law.
         - unless authorised by a committee member.
       - NOTES
         - Left equipment should be labelled with date, member name, and contact details (regardless of how long leaving equipment for).
         - An authorising committee member should note the authorisation on the committee slack channel
         - Authorisation can be revoked
         - Authorisation should be for the minimum duration, and not exceed 1 week.
         - Authorisation may be given that conflicts with an event, but the event is permitted to move the table(s)
       -
         - These restrictions on table use do not apply to a person running an official event
         - Violation of this by-law may result in any of the following at discretion of the Management Committee.
           - Material/belongings relocated to a single table
           - Material/belongings relocated to the Hack Rack / Hack Me bench / Skip
           - Initiation of membership suspension proceedings for repeat / egregious offenders
           - Initiation of membership termination proceedings for repeat / egregious offenders

| Moved By    | Fletcher                    |
|-------------|-----------------------------|
| Seconded By | Mel                         |
| Status      | Accepted with minor changes |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **NEXT MEETING** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 3pm November 2nd, 2019, 4 weeks

Meeting Closed at 8:27pm

## Action Summary

-   Purchase a replacement Hard disk drive for server - IT
-   Purchase a new tube for Little Red - Lasers
-   Purchase a Vectric Makerspace subscription - IT
-   Purchase 15A distribution equipment - Infrastructure

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Review -Fletcher Boyd and an authorised representative to exclusively represent The Artifactory at the SCW/CHCW AGM -Fletcher
-   Review purchase of Desktop Label Printer & peripherals \$142 - Vincent
-   Review Updated space usage policy -Steve

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Evaluate \$250 sales of materials: Modify the Artifactory Expenses By-Law to include the following as a purchase authorisation: Material for the sale to the value of \$250 at discretion of Fletcher - Fletcher
