---
title: Committee Meeting - 2019-06-05
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:10:49.305Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:35:28.707Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2019.06.05

# Agenda

-   Refer right to the table of contents for agenda

Proposed

-   Update Emergency Plan / Extinguishers
-   Social Media Autopsy

| Status | unanimously Accepted |
|--------|----------------------|

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Fletcher, Hugh, Scott, Lauren, Mel, Lemming, Steve
-   Apologies: Blake
-   Absent: None
-   Observing: Jean-Michel, Jason, Vincent
-   Minute taker: Stuart
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 19:49
-   Closed: 21:07
-   Next meeting: 22/06/2019

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lemming  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

-   Fletcher - Signage improvement: Found a member to improve safety equipment and power point signs. Some done, some to go.
    -   Vincent working on it
-   Fletcher/Blake - Laser training checklist: Agree on a checklist. **no changes**
    -   Move off this list - laser subcommittee to look after
-   Stuart - Artifactory induction checklist: To be emailed through to committee list for review. **Started**
    -   Started and no feedback yet
-   Lemming - RFID door locks: Build prototype. **no changes**
    -   Progressing. Lemming working on it.
    -   Boards on way from supplier
-   Stuart - LotteryWest Grant: Find out when info session is (session 27 August). **no changes**
    -   RSVP by 20 August
-   Stuart - Pallet racking storage: Divide up into labelled areas based on subcommittee feedback. *Feedback*
    -   *Infrastructure - 1 shelf*
    -   *IT - 1/2 shelf*
    -   *Lasers - 1/2 shelf*
    -   *Promotions - 2 shelf (one outside of ZLab)*
-   Lemming - Illuminated "No Exit" signs: Organise new ones. **don't need to be illuminated but worded as No Escape**
-   Fletcher/Stuart - Car park flood lights: Source new ones, possibly motion activated.**Pending**
-   Stuart - Prompt for incident report form reminder in first aid kit
-   Fletcher - big roller door railing right - looks loose Action - raise with Don **Leave as is**
-   infrastructure subcommittee leak yet to be plugged Send to infrastructure subcommittee - leak on roof **Fixed**
-   <s>infrastructure subcommittee carpet needs re tapping - \$ needed Send to infrastructure</s>
-   Fletcher - belts for compressor (via Kamil) **Pending**
-   Stuart - get more people to help with laser maintenance - **Kym has expressed**
-   Stuart - Taiko Event/Workshop inform the membership **Done**
-   Steve - Member Storage - Inform membership via email and produce a sign **Pending**
-   Stuart - Fire extinguisher+blanket testing **Jim's Test and Tag booked - Wed 05/06**

## Correspondence

    *Supanova - we have a spot, in charge of costume repair, demo panel spot, costume display, flyers to be dropped at the Artifactory.

## Incident Reports

-   None

## Property Report

-   None

## Chairperson's Report

-   Nothing new

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer-The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

|                                                        | 31/05/2019     | 30/04/2019     |                                                            |
|--------------------------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| Bank Accounts (excluding Auspicing)                    | \$6360.98      | \$6237.12      |                                                            |
| Pending from TidyHQ/EFTPOS + Float                     | \$941.96       | \$1004.9       |                                                            |
| **BALANCE**                                            | **\$7302.94**  | **\$7242.02**  |                                                            |
| Guthrie St Bond                                        | \$6000         | \$6000         |                                                            |
|                                                        |                |                |                                                            |
| **Quarantined Funds**                                  | 31/05/2019     | 30/04/2019     |                                                            |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value                          | \$9935         | \$10160        |                                                            |
| For Insurance 19/20                                    | \$464          | \$232          | +232 for each month due annually 31/3. (\$2781.25 in 2019) |
| For TidyHQ 19/20                                       | \$297.5        | \$255          | +42.5 for each month due annually Oct. (\$510 in 2018)     |
| For Variable Outgoings 19/20                           | \$900          | \$800          | +100 for each month due annually Aug. (\$620 in 2018)      |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                                    | **\$11596.5**  | **\$11447**    |                                                            |
| **Funds Available (+Yes -NO) BALANCE-DESIRED BALANCE** | **\$-4293.56** | **\$-4204.98** |                                                            |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                     | May-19      | monthly average |
|---------------------------------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Membership Income                           | \$4,265     | \$3,600         |
| Space Cash (drinks/events/tool fees/casual) | \$2,083     | \$2,064         |
| Fundraising                                 |             | \$631           |
| Donations                                   |             | \$71            |
| Donations - For Membership                  | \$90        | \$41            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                            | **\$6,438** | **\$6,367**     |
|                                             |             |                 |
| EXPENSES                                    | \$43,604    | monthly average |
| Lease/Utilities/BOC/Bank Fees/Insurance     | \$4,595     | \$5,248         |
| Kitchenette/FundraisingFridge/Toiletries    | \$843       | \$433           |
| Total Regular Expenses                      | \$5,438     | \$5,681         |
| Fundraising Expenses                        | \$0         | \$233           |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses           | \$966       | \$483           |
| **Total Expense**                           | **\$6,404** |                 |

    *Thanks to Fletcher it is likely that our pricing for merchant fees through Stripe who provide for tidyHQ will result in a reduction of fees from 2.05% to 1.4%

## Expenses for Approval

-   Additional funds for Door-Bot - \~\$30
-   Angle Grinder Blades for Material Racks \~\$15
-   4 Trestles - \$216 (Mel to purchase)

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Scott    |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Membership Report

### Current Status

Membership as at 2019-06-04:

-   32 (-1) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   28 (+1) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   3 Band Memberships
-   4 (-1) Associate Memberships

#### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

None

### New memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - Reuben Burton

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lauren   |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

-   IT Officer
    -   Server sale delayed
    -   sell apple keyboards items
    -   old server decommissioned
-   Event Officers
    -   Allied Costumers - Worthy Not for profit to be given to access the the Artifactory as other Cosplayers Cosplayer Meetup. \$5 entry. Approved by Committee under last Events Bylaw.
-   Rehearsal Room Coordinators
    -   Light fixed
-   Quartermasters
    -   Coles delivery done
-   Membership Officers
    -   all good

## Sub-Committee Reports

### Laser Subcommittee

      * Maintenance at Chess Knight

### IT Subcommittee

      * see IT officer report

### Promotions Subcommittee

      * refer correspondence 

### Sponsored Memberships Panel

      * one new application

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

      * We did the material racks. New metal bench out the back. ZLab completed - nice place to have a meeting.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

Business as usual OR ANYTHING TO REPORT???

-   ADUG - (Coordinators - Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - none since last meeting
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators - Hugh, Doug) -
-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator - Lemming) - Was super success buy more trestles. 20 people
-   Board Games Night (Coordinator - Iain) - none since last meeting
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator - Scott) - none since last meeting
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - none since last meeting
-   General Hacking Day - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself) - Business as usual
-   Leathercraft Workshops - (Coordinator - Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - none since last meeting
-   MicroPython Hardware Hackers - Perth Django and Python Developers (Coordinators -Phil Wilkinson**\#**) - Business as usual
-   Mostly Modular Synth - (Coordinators - Hugh, Jon)- none since last meeting
-   Noizemaschin!! - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot, Justin B**\#**) - Good
-   Open Day - (Coordinator - Steve Hodges) - lots of people
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators - Stephen Price**\#**)- none since last meeting
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators - Hayleye**\#**)- none since last meeting
-   Wine & Design - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself) - 10/10
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator - Fletcher) - Business as usual
-   OTHER Events

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

## Other Business

### Update Emergency Plan / Extinguishers

-   5\*1kg new extinguishers @ \$35
-   Update Emergency Plan
-   Use Jim's Test and Tag for For ongoing 6monthly testing @ \$66 a per testing

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Social Media Autopsy from 01/06

-   Much discussion
-   Further due diligence is needed in future for social media posts
-   Policy/Guidelines/Bylaw/etc is needed about posting to social media - Lauren+Jean-Michel to lead.
-   Note: In Feb and Noted in March Meeting we agreed to photo what is that thing left at the Artifactory and use past committee members to identify that thing. Picture of Magnus was identified and asked to remove. - Magnus agreed to remove in April and decide last week to remove as such last week.

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
