---
title: 2019-05-25
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:10:40.463Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:35:15.149Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2019.05.25

# Agenda

-   See table of contents to the right

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Stuart, Steve, Lauren, Mel, Lemming, Scott, Fletcher, Iain, Blake
-   Apologies: Hugh
-   Absent: Hugh
-   Observing: J-M
-   Minute taker: Blake
-   Chair: Iain Graham

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 3.07pm
-   Closed: 4.29
-   Next meeting: 29th June - 5 weeks

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   Minutes ok

| Moved By    | Steve    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Scott    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Emergency Business

Scott wants to sell severs. We give permission.

Discuss Ian and Mel swapping positions.

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

-   Fletcher - Signage improvement: Found a member to improve safety equipment and power point signs. Some done, some to go.
    -   Vincent working on it
-   Fletcher/Blake - Laser training checklist: Agree on a checklist.
    -   Move off this list - laser subcommittee to look after
-   Stuart - Artifactory induction checklist: To be emailed through to committee list for review. **Started**
    -   Started and no feedback yet
-   Lemming - RFID door locks: Build prototype.
    -   Progressing. Lemming working on it.
    -   Boards on way from supplier
-   <s>Blake - Supply a spare raspberry pi.</s> Done!
-   Stuart - LotteryWest Grant: Find out when info session is (session 27 August).
    -   RSVP by 20 August
-   Stuart - Pallet racking storage: Divide up into labelled areas based on subcommittee feedback. *Feedback*
    -   *Infrastructure - 1 shelf*
    -   *IT - 1/2 shelf*
    -   *Lasers - 1/2 shelf*
    -   *Promotions - 2 shelf (one outside of ZLab)*
-   Lemming - Illuminated "No Exit" signs: Organise new ones.
-   Lemming - Flammable gas bottle rules: Clarify rules (welding area).
    -   Secure to wall or trolley? Trolley fine - done!
-   <s>Stuart - Bicycle bay: Organise a bicycle bay for near front door.</s> Done
-   <s>Stuart - Incident report form:</s> Created.
-   Fletcher/Stuart - Car park flood lights: Source new ones, possibly motion activated.
    -   Pending

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    *<del> Stuart - International Beer Shop discount: Update and share information.</del> Done 
    * <del>Stuart - Foyer noticeboard: Contact Teresa on setting up noticeboard.</del> Done
    * <del>Iain - Fire extinguisher checks: Throw open to members for someone to perform official checks.</del> Done
    * Scott - Promotions meeting: Set promotions meeting for supernova and social media.
      * Done!
    * <del>Steve - Member storage: Draft some more detailed rules around member storage and a member storage officer</del> Done

## Correspondence

-   Facebook
    -   Shout out tomorrow on Ham radio group
-   Interest in 3D printers coming through

## Incident Reports

-   A member hurt their finger while improperly performing maintenance on Big Red.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
        * Medical supplies used: gauze and antiseptic
          * No restock needed
        * Changes recommended: None, safety protocols are already in place.
        * Action: Prompt for incident report form in first aid kit - Stuart

## Property Report

-   big roller door railing right - looks loose
    -   Seems ok for now.
    -   Action: Fletcher - raise with Don
-   leak yet to be plugged
    -   Send to infrastructure subcommittee - leak on roof
-   carpet needs re tapping - \$ needed
    -   Send to infrastructure

## Chairperson's Report

-   No news

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer-The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

|                                                        | 30/04/2019     | 31/03/2019     |                                                            |
|--------------------------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| Bank Accounts (excluding Auspicing)                    | \$6115.57      | \$7643.18      |                                                            |
| Pending from TidyHQ/EFTPOS + Float                     | \$1004.9       | \$453.97       |                                                            |
| **BALANCE**                                            | **\$7120.47**  | **\$8097.15**  |                                                            |
| Guthrie St Bond                                        | \$6000         | \$6000         |                                                            |
|                                                        |                |                |                                                            |
| **Quarantined Funds**                                  | 30/04/2019     | 31/03/2019     |                                                            |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value                          | \$10160        | \$10160        |                                                            |
| For Insurance 19/20                                    | \$232          | \$0            | +232 for each month due annually 31/3. (\$2781.25 in 2019) |
| For TidyHQ 19/20                                       | \$255          | \$212.5        | +42.5 for each month due annually Oct. (\$510 in 2018)     |
| For Variable Outgoings 19/20                           | \$800          | \$700          | +100 for each month due annually Aug. (\$620 in 2018)      |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                                    | **\$11447**    | **\$11072.5**  |                                                            |
| **Funds Available (+Yes -NO) BALANCE-DESIRED BALANCE** | **\$-4326.53** | **\$-2975.35** |                                                            |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                     | Apr-19      | monthly average |
|---------------------------------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Membership Income                           | \$3,490     | \$3,602         |
| Space Cash (drinks/events/tool fees/casual) | \$2,202     | \$2,119         |
| Fundraising                                 |             | \$631           |
| Donations                                   |             | \$71            |
| Donations - For Membership                  | \$90        | \$34            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                            | **\$5,782** | **\$6,423**     |
|                                             |             |                 |
| EXPENSES                                    | Apr-19      | monthly average |
| Lease/Utilities/BOC/Bank Fees/Insurance     | \$5,352     | \$5,243         |
| Kitchenette/FundraisingFridge/Toiletries    | \$373       | \$395           |
| Total Regular Expenses                      | \$5,724     | \$5,606         |
| Fundraising Expenses                        | \$0         | \$233           |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses           | \$296.91    |                 |
| **Total Expense**                           | **\$6,021** |                 |

## Expenses for Approval

-   Gifted Projector "Epson EH-TW3500" needed a globe to function. (reimbursement 4 J-M) \$119.80 **Done**
-   2 x Belt for Sander (reimbursement 4 JSim) \$40
    -   Fletcher says should order long lead time cheaper ones
-   2nd hand 3D Printer purchase - Tevo Black Widow (reimbursement 4 J-M) \$100 **Done**
    -   No invoice but verbal agreement on Price was witness by STUART, Fletcher, Scott, J-M.....
-   <s>New bandsaw blade (Carbertech?) \$20</s>
    -   Bimetal blade to cut aluminium? Lemming

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

-   Lemming mentions belts for compressor (via Kamil) - Fletcher

## Membership Report

### Current Status

Membership as at 2019-05-24:

-   31 (-2) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   26 (-1) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   3 (0) Band Memberships
-   5 (-5) Associate Memberships

Last Month

-   33 (-2) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   27 (+2) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   3 (0) Band Memberships
-   10 (+3) Associate Memberships

#### Re-affirm Membership

Membership lapsed under 12.5 of the Constitution as of 16th of this month but now back in financial standing. (Treasurer-With any bond factored in against outstanding). Does the Committee accept payments Under 12.6a. If so 12.6b applies and membership continues. 12.6 specifically refers to annual membership.(Note:annual - is a word we have to remove if we update the constitution) As the membership is monthly. Pro-rata should be acceptable.

Member: T.Green, L.Dixon.

| Moved By    | Scott    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

#### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due) - Alistair Waddell

### New memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - Matteo Vinci, Anastasia Beasley
-   FULL - NAMES
-   BAND - NAMES

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

-   IT Officer
    -   Definite sale of the old Cisco server and potential interest in two fully loaded R710s. Request that sale authority be treated as emergency business by the committee.
        -   Cisco \$500 - will need invoice
        -   They are interested in other servers too
        -   Motion: Sale authority to Scott for servers
            -   Move: Fletcher
            -   Seconder: Blake
            -   Approved
-   Event Officers
    -   Improv workshop not suitable as an Artifactory event but there's still interest in pursuing experimental music workshops in the future.
        -   See events
-   Rehearsal Room Coordinators
    -   Nothing to report
-   Quartermasters
    -   Would be helpful to have shopping volunteers
-   Safety Auditors
    -   Remove the roll
    -   Motion: In current for not useful
        -   Fletcher
        -   Mel
    -   Committee to take over responsibility
-   Membership Officers
    -   Stuart is making progress on induction stuff

## Sub-Committee Reports

### Laser Subcommittee

      * The replacement tube for Big Red can be fired with a lower power than the previous tube. Fires at 18% right now. (as opposed to 25%)
      * Kellogg on going
      * Action: Stuart - get more people to help with laser maintenance

### IT Subcommittee

      * VM migration continues (so that we can turn off the old server)
      * We're trailing a cloud based server authentication distribution system, it's working well.
      * Save stuff onto google team drive rather than old G drive
        * Lemming made the change - Done

### Promotions Subcommittee

      * Science week grant submitted, waiting to hear back. Thanks go to Kym and Lauren
      * Negotiations with Supanova continues (Scott)
        * Waiting on booth
      * Potential for an electronics themed event with BSides Perth (Fletcher) - 21 22 September?

### Sponsored Memberships Panel

      * Nothing to report unfortunately

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

      * Z-Lab is pretty much done, small tweaking and quality of life improvements will continue over the next few months
      * First material rack is nearly finished, second is not far behind

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

Business as usual OR ANYTHING TO REPORT???

-   ADUG - (Coordinators - Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - **Business as usual**
-   algo.rhythm(generative, music, hack) -
    -   Remove from minutes - moved out of artifactory
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators - Hugh, Doug) -
    -   Going ok
-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator - Iain) - \~15 people expected
    -   Upcoming
-   Board Games Night (Coordinator - Iain) - **didn't happen**
    -   Chess night coming up
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator - James, Lemming) - **didn't happen**
    -   Change to Scott as coordinate
    -   Wants to consider as free event - bylaws cover this
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - **Numbers down to \~25 Business as usual**
-   Experimental Iprov Music Workshop - (Coordinator Brett Cowan **\#**) - **Event Officers agreed to discontinue**
-   General Hacking Day - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself) - **Business as usual**
-   Leathercraft Workshops - (Coordinator - Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - **Business as usual**
-   MicroPython Hardware Hackers - Perth Django and Python Developers (Coordinators -Phil Wilkinson**\#**) - **None**
    -   Didn't come to last Arduino U
-   Mostly Modular Synth - (Coordinators - Hugh, Jon) -
-   Noizemaschin!! - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot, Justin B**\#**) - **Business as usual**
-   Open Day - (Coordinator - Steve Hodges) -
    -   Lots of members
    -   Very few visitors came
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators - Stephen Price**\#**) - **Business as usual**
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators - Hayleye**\#**) - **None**
-   Wine & Design - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself) - **Business as usual**
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator - Fletcher) - **Business as usual**
-   Chess Knight - 10th June - (Coordinator - Stuart)
-   10 year celebrations
    -   Artifactory - 10th Birthday Sunday 8th September
    -   2 months of celebrations finishing in Noizemaschin \#100 - Oct 29th
    -   Separate Celebrations for long standing events. General Hacking + Wine&Design + Arduino U +......
    -   (STU) Propose slack channel 10Year established for event planning
        -   RTR live stream of Noisemachine?
        -   Science week combinations?
-   Taiko Rehearsals (Coordinators - Simon from "Taiko On"**\#**)
    -   Japanese drumming workshop
    -   3 Groups from Melbourne/Perth/Golden Bay
    -   Thursday 4th + Friday 5th July are the only dates that the Artifactory will be use. Morning - Late Evening
    -   They wish to store drums over night on the Thursday only. (They say not Friday night but I suspect there maybe a slight chance) All at their risk
    -   It will not interfere with any making - just the General Space will be taken up and lots of Noise.
    -   flat \$300 for the Artifactory over the two days (note -last time they were a thirsty crowd)
    -   All bands have been notified
    -   Unit 7 next door does not mind being subject to Taiko for two days and nights. (they said they'll probably be away.)
    -   Taiko Groups must provide ear plugs for Artifactory members that want it
    -   Taiko coordinator aware of parking issues.

Motion: Committee to approve Taiko Event/Workshop and Stuart to inform the membership.

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

## Other Business

### Member Storage Officer

Proposal for a "Member Storage Officer" as a new Artifactory Officer.

1.  The Member Storage Officer is appointed and dismissed by fiat of the Main Committee.
2.  The Member Storage Officer is responsible for:
    1.  Creating a register of all Member Storage areas within the Artifactory and keeping it current. These may include lockers, drawers, standard rack space for tubs, as defined by the Main Committee from time to time (or bylaw?).
    2.  Ensuring all Member Storage Areas are identified and labelled.
    3.  Creating a register of the allocation of storage space to members and keeping it current.
    4.  Creating a register of members wanting storage space and maintaining it.
    5.  Allocating storage space to members using the process defined by the Main Committee (or bylaw?)
    6.  Advising members to clear their storage space if it becomes deallocated or their membership ceases, clearing the space if it is not cleared within the time defined by the Main Committee (or bylaw?).
    7.  Ensuring storage spaces are cleared prior to making them available for reallocation.
    8.  Conducting audits of the materials storage area to ensure stored material is as per the bylaws. Removes and disposes of material as defined in the bylaws.
    9.  Other tasks as defined by the Main Committee (or bylaws?).
3.  The Member Storage officer will initiate the process of deallocation of storage space for departing members when advised by the Treasurer or after notification in the minutes of the Main Committee.
4.  The Member Storage Officer is NOT responsible for allocating storage outside the specific member Storage Areas defined in 2i

Variation to the above (point numbering to be adjusted - Proposed Stuart

1.  <s>The Member Storage Officer is appointed and dismissed by fiat of the Main Committee.</s> *covered in the consitution already*
2.  The Member Storage Officer is responsible for:
    1.  Creating a register **in the wiki** of all Member Storage areas within the Artifactory and keeping it current<s>. These may include lockers, drawers, standard rack space for tubs,</s> as defined by the Main Committee <s>from time to time (or bylaw?)</s>.
    2.  Ensuring all Member storage are identified and labelled.
    3.  Creating a register **in the wiki** of the allocation of storage space to members and keeping it current.
    4.  <s>Creating a register of members wanting storage space and maintaining it.</s> **Maintaining & keeping a wait list in the wiki for those wanting storage for Member Storage Areas.**
    5.  <s>Allocating storage space to members using the process defined by the Main Committee (or bylaw?)</s> **Assist the Committee in allocating storage space to members**
    6.  <s>Advising members to clear their storage space if it becomes deallocated or their membership ceases, clearing the space if it is not cleared within the time defined by the Main Committee (or bylaw?).</s> *Let's leave deallocation part out for now. Deal with it when it comes up in the future. When a member ceases their membership, They are advised to collect their stuff tus not needed and stuff can be dealt with in an audit*
    7.  Ensuring storage spaces are cleared prior to making them available for reallocation.
    8.  Conducting audits of the Member material racks & Member Storage to ensure stored material is as per the bylaws. Removes and disposes of material as defined in the bylaws **via the Hackme Bench where appropriate**.
    9.  <s>Other tasks as defined by the Main Committee (or bylaws?).</s>
3.  <s>The Member Storage officer will initiate the process of deallocation of storage space for departing members when advised by the Treasurer or after notification in the minutes of the Main Committee.</s> **The Member Storage officer will initiate the process of deallocation of storage space after an audit, checking of membership status of the owner and time since membership ceased**
4.  The Member Storage Officer is NOT responsible for allocating storage outside the specific "Member Storage" by-law" <s>defined in 2i</s>

Motion to accept above officer description:

| Moved By    | Steve    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

Motion to appoint Steve to Member Storage Officer.

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Material Racks - amendment to bylaw

Proposed amendment to bylaw:

*"MATERIAL RACKS Only members are entitled to store materials on these material racks. Materials are required to be dated with the time of arrival and name. The materials are welcome to stay on the rack for a maximum of three months (the date can be updated). Materials that over stay that time become free for members to use. Limit per member of 100mm thick of material. Material up to 1200mm in width"*

to read:

1.  Only members are entitled to store materials on these material racks.
2.  Materials are required to be dated with the **full** name of the owner and date stored\<del\> in the rack.\</del\>
3.  Materials are permitted to stay on the rack for a maximum of three <s>calendar</s> months from the date marked. The owner may update the date if material is partially used.
4.  Materials that over-stay their time, belong to an ex-member **after notice period has lasped** or are outsize the size limits are subject to being discarded or placed on the hack rack by a Committee member.
5.  <s>Limit per member of</s> Members are limited to 10 pieces or 100mm thick of material **whichever is greater.** *point broken here into new point*
6.  Sheets may not exceed 900mm x 1200mm <s>Material up to 1200mm in width</s>.
7.  With skeletons removed, individual pieces must be larger than <s>1/8 square metre (125 cm\^2, or</s> roughly A3 in size).
8.  Member Storage Officer & **Committee** will conduct audits of the materials racks as required.

Amend effective date to 01/07/2019

Motion to accept above bylaw:

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Scott    |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action item

-   Action - Steve - Inform membership via email and produce a sign

### Additional Member Storage - amendment to bylaw

Amend effective date to 01/07/2019 and relabel as "Member Storage - Additional Storage"

Motion to accept above bylaw:

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Member Storage - amendment to bylaw

Propose amendment to bylaw:

*"MEMBER STORAGE Members are entitled (subject to availability) to a committee authorised storage space (up to 150L). Items need to be left in a tidy and safe state."*

to read:

1.  Members are entitled (subject to availability) to a single committee authorised storage space (up to 150L).
2.  Where storage space is planned to be removed, members will have 3 months to relocate to other storage. This storage space will not be reallocated.
3.  Items need to be left in a tidy and safe state.
4.  Each storage space will be marked with a unique identifier. Members may add their own tags but not remove the identifier.
5.  Requests for storage space, or to relinquish storage space should be made to the Member Storage Officer.
6.  At the termination of membership, any items remaining in the storage space will be removed by the Committee and disposed of as they see fit.
7.  Any material found in an unallocated locker will be removed to the office for no less than seven days. If it is unclaimed, it will be disposed of as the committee sees fit.
8.  Member storage spaces cannot be passed from one member to another without agreement of the Committee. Without permission to transfer the storage space will be deemed to have been relinquished by the original member.
9.  Members with storage space may apply for a change in storage location. If space becomes available and the member agrees, they will have 7 days to move from the existing storage location to a new location.
10. Where demand for lockers exceeds supply, a waiting list may be maintained. If a waiting list is in operation, members will be offered space as it becomes available in waiting list order. Members who are not contactable within a reasonable period will be skipped. Where there is no waiting list, the availability will be advertised in the artifactory mailing list and the "general" channel in Slack. If one or more member wants the storage space, the Member Storage Officer will determine their eligibility and assign the storage space to an eligible applicant.
11. storage space may be allocated by the Committee for any purpose they resolve. This MAY (but usually won't) require existing members to change or relinquish their allocated storage area. If storage areas are available, a Committee request for allocation will be satisfied before any other member (waiting list or not).

Alternative Motion

1.  Members are entitled (subject to availability) to a single committee authorised storage space (up to 150L) left in a tidy and safe state.
2.  **Authorised spaces are**
    1.  Lockers-Kitchenette,
    2.  Lockers-Under Pallet Racking,
    3.  Lockers-Metal
    4.  Including oversized Lockers -**currently located in CAD Room**
        1.  Not to be reallocated - Being deprecated
    5.  The bottom two shelves of the pallet racking left of the stage(4 shelves in total) divided into 6 spots per shelf. Excluding 2 spots lost to power cords and boards.
3.  <s>Where storage space is planned to be removed, members will have 3 months to relocate to other storage. This storage space will not be reallocated.</s> **When a member loses their right to storage (whether through resignation, termination or another association’s process) their belongings will be stored for a period of one month starting from when the notification by the Management Committee or Member Storage Officer provides them with a copy of this by-law. Once this notice period has expired the belongings will be claimed by the association and may be used or disposed of as the Management Committee sees fit.**
4.  <s>Items need to be left in a tidy and safe state.</s>
5.  Each storage space will be marked with a unique identifier. Members may add their own tags but not remove the identifier.
6.  Requests for storage space, or to relinquish storage space should be made to the Member Storage Officer or a **Committee Member**.
7.  <s>At the termination of membership, any items remaining in the storage space will be removed by the Committee and disposed of as they see fit.</s>
8.  Any material found in an unallocated **space** <s>locker</s> will be removed to the office for no less than seven days. If it is unclaimed, it will be disposed of as <s>the</s> a committee **member** sees fit. .
9.  Member storage spaces cannot be exchanged between members without consideration of those that have first priority to it on the waiting list. \<del\> from one member to another without agreement of the Committee. Without permission to transfer the storage space will be deemed to have been relinquished by the original member.\</del\>
10. <s>Members with storage space may apply for a change in storage location. If space becomes available and the member agrees, they will have 7 days to move from the existing storage location to a new location.</s>
11. Where demand for **member storage or a particular type of storage** <s>lockers</s> exceeds supply, a waiting list may be maintained. If a waiting list is in operation, members will be offered space as it becomes available in waiting list order. Members who are not contactable **or fail to take their space** within a reasonable period will be skipped **and advised**. <s>Where there is no waiting list, the availability will be advertised in the artifactory mailing list and the "general" channel in Slack. If one or more member wants the storage space, the Member Storage Officer will determine their eligibility and assign the storage space to an eligible applicant.</s>\<
12. <s>storage space may be allocated by the Committee for any purpose they resolve. This MAY (but usually won't) require existing members to change or relinquish their allocated storage area. If storage areas are available, a Committee request for allocation will be satisfied before any other member (waiting list or not).</s>
13. **The Chair and any 3 committee members may override these rules at their discretion. Any override must be minuted at the next committee meeting and may then be overruled.**

Motion to accept above bylaw "alternate motion":

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Committee appointments

1.  Lemming has been automatically removed from the committee under sections 12.5 and 38.1 of the constitution

Stuart move to put Lemming back on committee. Mel second. Approve.

Fletcher move to swap Iain and Lemming. Second Blake. Approved.

1.  Mel resigning as Deputy Treasurer
    1.  Staying on as committee
2.  Fletcher has put himself forward for the position
    1.  Stuart motioned, Steve second, approved

Proposed Committee After Restructure-

Office Bearers

-   **Deputy Chair: Lawrence Dixon (Lemming)**
-   **Chair: Iain Graham**
-   Secretary: Blake Samuels
-   Treasurer: Stuart McDonald

Ordinary Committee Members

-   Deputy Secretary: Hugh Frazer
-   **Deputy Treasurer: Fletcher Boyd**
-   Ordinary Committee Member: Scott Simons
-   Ordinary Committee Member: Steve Hodges
-   **Ordinary Committee Member: Mel McCarthy**
-   Ordinary Committee Member: Lauren Amos

Motion: Fill the casual vacancy on committee with Lawrence Dixon

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

Motion: Appoint Lawrence Dixon to the position of Chair

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

Motion: Appoint Fletcher Boyd to the position of Deputy Treasurer

| Moved By    | STUART            |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

### 3D printer - Tool Usage Fees By-law

We have a new working 3D printer. Right now the tool usage is set to 20c/g which is no longer a fair price for members. 5c/g means we're charging \$50 for \~\$25 materials which is enough to cover the machine purchase and upkeep.

Motion: Modify the Tool Usage by-law to adjust the cost of 3D printing to \$0.05/g

Alternative Motion: Modify the Tool Usage by-law to adjust the cost of 3D printing to \$0.05/g for members only. 20c/g for non-members. Cost for members and non members be rounded up the nearest dollar.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

ACTION ITEMS

-   Who will create a new fee sign for this? JM
-   Who will update "Website/wiki" fees for this? Stuart

### fire extinguisher+blanket testing

-   quote from Jim's fire extinguisher/blanket test and tag \~\$150
    -   Do initial check through Jim's - action Stuart book in Jim's
    -   Would Jim's place
-   cheapest course in Perth looks to be \$550
-   cheapest course in Kalgoorlie \$200 - Next 17/7
    -   Fletcher considering going to Kalgoorlie to do the course

### Nonfunctional 3D-Printers

-   Email sent to members detailing what has been done and inviting others to attempt to continue the project
-   Likely will be broken down for parts

### Re-invention Room

-   Request to endorse these external events as Artifactory. Given that the two principal project persons be Artifactory Members and that the project is seen as safe by our auspice agreement "Supporting Member" Jean-Michel. Reason for endorsement is for Public Liability cover for their project. Their project will be part of Science week - Claremont Showgrounds and at Scitech.
-   JM to make sure its safe and oversee

Lemming

-   Lemming + Magnus - Science demonstration
    -   Jenga tower swinging pendulum

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    * 

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
