---
title: 2019-01-30
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-20T09:37:33.239Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:34:25.207Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2019.01.30

# Agenda

1.  Review Previous Meeting's Minutes
2.  Review Previous Meeting's Action Items
3.  Correspondence
4.  Property Report
5.  Chairman's Report
6.  Treasurer's Report
7.  Expenses For Approval
8.  Membership Report
9.  Officer Reports
10. Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports
11. Subcommittee Reports
12. Other Business (add one-off agenda items here)
    1.  By-Law modification: Swarf-o-mat tool usage fees
    2.  By-Law addition: Conducting business via email
    3.  By-Law modification: Artifactory Expenses
    4.  Membership class modification: Resident Artist
    5.  Felicity's Resignation
    6.  Stagnant project cleanup
    7.  Subcommittee creation: Infrastructure
    8.  Appointment: Infrastructure subcommittee chair
    9.  Appointment: Promotions subcommittee chair
    10. Appointment: Bar Manager
    11. *Can add items up to 48 hours before committee meeting*

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Scott, Iain, Steve, Lemming, Hugh, Blake, Stuart, Fletcher
-   Apologies: Mel
-   Absent: NAMES
-   Minute taker: Blake
-   Chair: Fletcher

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 7:11pm
-   Closed: 8:22pm
-   Next meeting: 3pm Sat Feb 23th, 4 weeks

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   Minor edit made

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Scott    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

-   ACTIONS

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

-   Fletcher - Improve signage for safety equipment and power points
-   Fletcher/Blake - Laser training checklist - **agree on checklist and add as agenda item to next meeting for approval**
-   Fletcher - Artifactory induction checklist - **to be emailed through to committee list for review Draft sending through**
-   Fletcher/Stuart - policy changes from 24/11 - wiki amended? **Work in Progress**
-   who.... - Refresh first aid kit, contact St John for sponsorship/assistance (first aid kit stock discount and first aid certification discount), check insurance details with Stuart as related to first aid kits \*\* deferred \*\*
-   Lemming - Updated Materials and artefacts policy - from 24/11 - wiki amended?
-   Blake/Stuart - Membership Classification Changes -Sponsored Student Membership - from 24/11 wiki/website/TidyHQ amended? **Wiki-DONE Dec - Website-DONE Jan - TidyHQ yet to complete(SM)**
-   Blake - Check what constitution says on email votes? To be discussed in General Business.
-   Lemming - Suggestion of next Artifag as 24th Feb
-   Bike

### Correspondence

-   Travis (+ others) wants to use the space to build a large installation for Wow Festival. Heavy welding and use of the outdoor area probably required. Discussions and info gathering ongoing.
    -   2 x 3 m machine in back yard - mid march for 1 month
    -   2 memberships for a month
    -   Committee happy with it
-   Lauren (UWA honours) reached out about research into startups and innovation. Lemming to meet.
    -   Nothing heard back
-   Next rounds of LotteryWest grant information sessions announced, two people can go. Evening of 21st Feb for the next one.
    -   Iain says yes, Stuart says yes
-   Daniel wants to hold a workshop mid Feb for a solar hot water system as part of a larger open source project. Required dates unavailable (?) and progression unclear.
    -   Fallen through
-   Drew wants to hold a monthly/bi-monthly Abelton user group, hasn't been responded to yet.
    -   Lemming to follow up
-   Janice wants to hold robotic workshops for children. Advised of cost and suggested they come down to the space.
    -   Waiting on her to come into space
-   SEEED offered a fluctuating (\$50-100) voucher in exchange for heavy promotion on social media. No agreement was reached.
    -   Committee uncomfortable doing promotions for SEEED
-   Nathan has accepted responsibility for the acid.
    -   Gone from office

### Property Report

-   Pallet racking installed on south wall
-   Z-Lab stock moved to new racking
-   Tool room rebuild in progress
-   New couches
    -   Donated by member
    -   Want to keep number of couches the same
-   Bug zapper painted and ready to be mounted out the back
-   Mosquito treatment done to front drains (were infested)
-   New ladders, please be safe
-   Wifi upgraded, presence detection readded

## Chairperson's Report

-   We finally got paid from the council
    -   Some money towards laser cutters
-   Had a huge donation from Ross
    -   Great amount of electronics supplies, tools, and lots of bits
    -   Steve: Ross' family would like to see what we have done with the donation once we have got it sorted
-   Some stuff donated from Felicity and Teresa
-   RFLan
    -   Want to do an event - handed to promotions officer

## Treasurer's Report

Fletcher has been added as a signatory to the Artifactory accounts.

FYI - Below does not include City of Canning 5K which was received in Jan.

|                                     | 31/12/2018     | 30/11/2018     |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
| NAB Balance                         | \$4674.41      | \$6709.18      |
| NAB Donation Account                | \$259.09       | \$214.09       |
| Pending Transfer from TidyHQ/EFTPOS | \$315.64       | \$659.2        |
| Guthire St Bond                     | \$6000         | \$6000         |
| **Balance**                         | **\$11249.14** | **\$13582.47** |
|                                     |                |                |
| **Quarantined Funds**               | 31/12/2018     | 30/11/2018     |
| Estimated RFID Key Bond Value       | \$9700         | \$9665         |
| For Insurance 19/20                 | \$2034         | \$1808         |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                 | **\$11734**    | **\$11473**    |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                            | Last month  | 12 month average |
|----------------------------------------------------|-------------|------------------|
| Membership Income                                  | \$3,135     | \$3,400          |
| Space Cash (drinks/events/venue hire/casual)       | \$1,399     | \$1,776          |
| Fundraising                                        | \$796       | \$190            |
| Donations                                          |             | \$53             |
| Donations - For Membership                         | \$45        | \$8              |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                                   | **\$5,375** | **\$5,418**      |
|                                                    |             |                  |
| EXPENSES                                           | Last month  | 12 month average |
| Lease Paid for next month                          | \$4,224     | \$4,275          |
| Electricity (bi monthly)                           | \$793       | \$333            |
| Insurance (12mnth avg \$2716/12)                   | \$0         | \$226            |
| Waste/Internet/BOC Gases                           | \$170       | \$200            |
| Merchant Fees                                      | \$0         | \$37             |
| Stripe/TidyHQ Fees/Administration Fees             | \$53        | \$127            |
| Event Expenses                                     | \$2,212     | \$242            |
| Fundraising Expenses (Inc Fundraising Fridge)      | \$247       | \$461            |
| **Total (Prior to Equipment/Infrastructure Exp.)** | **\$7,699** | **\$5,670**      |
| +/- Prior to Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses     | -\$2,325    | -\$244           |
|                                                    |             |                  |
|                                                    | Last month  | 12 month average |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses (Below)          | \$43        | \$159            |
| +/- After Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses        | -\$2,367    | -\$403           |

### Expenses for Approval

1.  roughly an additional \$4 for Laser Goggles needs to be approved on top of last meeting
2.  roughly an adiitional \$60 for Laser Chiller needs to be approved on top of last meeting
3.  pallet Racking \$310 + Wood for Shelves \$316.32 + Van Hire \$34 + \$26.60 Buildex MTL Screws = \$686.92
4.  acquisition of 20? storage tubs for the Artifactory. For resale to members. Suggested Tubs.....

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      -$5.5 https://www.officeworks.com.au/shop/officeworks/p/keji-50l-storage-container-ke50ltpr
      - Motion: for $5.5 x 20 = $110

| Moved By    | Steve    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Membership Report

### Current Status

Membership as at 2019-01-23:

-   37 (-1) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   23 (-2) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   2 (0) Band Memberships
-   2 (0) Associate Memberships

Membership as at 2018-12-22:

-   38 (-2) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   25 (-1) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   2 (0) Band Memberships
-   2 (0) Associate Memberships

#### Cancelled Non-Payment

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   None

### New memberships for approval

-   CONCESSION - Joshua Rospondek, Liz Harris

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

-   IT Officer
    -   Going well
-   Event Officers
    -   None
-   Rehearsal Room Coordinators
    -   None
-   Quartermasters
    -   Bar is fully stocked, trialling a new beer
-   Safety Auditors
    -   N/A
-   Membership Officers
    -   TidyHQ is not functioning as expected, affected members alerted and support contacted

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

-   ADUG - (Coordinators - Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**)
    -   12 persons
    -   Had to make a bit of space for them
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators - Hugh, Doug)
    -   More of the same. None boxing day
-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator - Lemming)
    -   Next event planned for 23 March
-   Board Games Night (Coordinator - Iain)
    -   Later in February
-   Cosplay - (Coordinator - James, Lemming)
    -   N/A
-   DIY Synth - (Coordinator Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**)
    -   12 Feb
-   General Hacking Day - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself)
    -   Going well
-   Leathercraft Workshops - (Coordinator - Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft)
    -   Two workshops, 8 at first......
-   MicroPython Hardware Hackers - Perth Django and Python Developers (Coordinators -Phil Wilkinson#)
    -   Turning up to Arduino U intermittently
-   Mostly Modular Synth - (Coordinators - Hugh, Jon#)
    -   Organising artwork, will setup
-   Noizemaschin!! - (Coordinators Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot, Justin B#)
    -   Going well
-   Open Day - (Coordinator - )
    -   Students coming in to next one
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators - Stephen Price**\#**)
    -   Event went fine
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators - Hayleye**\#**)
    -   2 workshops booked
-   Wine & Design - (Coordinator - none, it runs itself)
    -   We've had some busy nights over the past month.
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator - Fletcher)
    -   Events continuing, still very hot but there's some interest.
-   VR Meetup (Coordinator - Iain)
    -   Looking at April
-   OTHER Events
    -   \*\* Meg T proposes a workshop/performance on the Trautonium Thurs 11 April - same making restrictions as Noize\*\* Yes

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

## Sub-Committee Reports

-   Laser Subcommittee
    -   New PSU approved at the last meeting has been installed in Big Red. Still running the 100W tube due to time restrictions. Chiller for Kellogg/Little Red has been shipped. Thanks for approving the safety glasses, will make certain aspects of maintenance easier.
    -   Screen to be installed for PSU
-   IT Subcommittee
    -   Projects server is running, haven't settled on restrictions for members/application process yet.
    -   Minecraft of projects server
    -   New production server has been racked but install hasn't started. (Lemming wants to use a different RAID/HDD card to allow for a different file system)
    -   Other servers haven't been prepared for sale yet
    -   16x1T drives have been health checked, still need to nuke.
    -   Wifi redo complete
    -   Presence detection re added, poke an IT person to get added to the list.
    -   Network redo to come once there's more free time.
-   Promotions Subcommittee
    -   No chair appointed
-   Sponsored Membership Panel
    -   6 applications accepted by the panel. 5 offers have been accepted as of now. Students will be in on the weekend and paired with members of the panel to start.

## Other Business

Note: "Other Business" must be listed in agenda (top of this page) 48 hours prior to meeting. Any details of an agenda item can be added here at any time.

### By-Law modification: Tool Usage fees

Proposed motion: Modify the CNC Machine section of Tool Usage Fees By-Law last defined at the 01/09/2018 meeting of the Management Committee to read:

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stuart   |
| Status      | Approved |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

CNC Machines:

\* Member Rate: \$0.10 per minute rounded up to the nearest dollar if using **Artifactory tooling**. \* Member Rate: \$0.05 per minute rounded up to the nearest dollar if using **your own tooling**. \* Casual User Rate: \$5 per 10 minutes rounded up to the nearest \$5.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rationale: There are two things that influence tool usage costs. The direct material cost to the space (filament, power, lens etc) and the space the machine takes up. A drop in price for those using their own tooling reflects the cost members are taking on themselves by bringing their own bits. The machine room cleanup has also drastically reduced the amount of space used by Swarf-o-mat.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### By-Law modification: RFID Keys for Members

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Approved |

Rationale: New point in **bold.** Due to two bit circus experience back in November.

-   RFID keys are provided to members based on their membership classification.
-   RFID issued needed to be recorded in TidyHQ and with Doorbot
-   Should a person move from one classification to another. The Key bond that they are required to hold can be based on one of the previous classifications that they have held or based on a previous membership fee amount
-   Members RFID Keys can be disabled by **the management** committee.
-   Prior 01/09/2018 - for some reason or another in the past. It is noted that for some long standing members do not have a key bond.
-   **The Chair, Treasurer and any two other committee members reserve the right to waive the bond if it is considered beneficial to the Artifactory to do so. The decision must be documented at the next regular committee meeting**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### By-Law modification: Events and Workshops

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Approved |

Rationale: New point in **bold.** Adds flexibility if there was some really good event/workshop at short notice.

-   Any committee member may authorise a new workshop or event if
    1.  it will bring in the casual User minimum rate per attendee (excluding members)
    2.  does not require exclusive access of the Artifactory
    3.  does not conflict with another event/workshop unless the Event Coordinators of the other Workshop sees no conflict
    4.  will not conflict with persons using noisy tools
    5.  will not hinder a band using the Rehearsal room.
    6.  must be added to the google calendar
-   **The Chair and any three other committee members reserve the right to waive the above rules if it is considered beneficial to the Artifactory to do so. The decision must be documented at the next regular committee meeting**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### By-Law addition: Conducting business via email

Proposed motion: Add a By-Law titled "Conducting Business via Email" that reads as follows:

Retracted - discussed but not voted on.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Management Committee may consider and motion on any ordinary business via email provided that the following special considerations for quorum are met.

-   If a motion is called via email the quorum (and thus threshold for majority calculations) will be every member of the Management Committee for the first 49 hours of the vote.
-   If the motion has not passed or been rejected by this time then the committee members that have already participated in the motion will be considered as quorum provided that their number is greater than the quorum requirement set out in Guidance Note D of the Constitution.

Any communication falling under this clause must be minuted at the next ordinary meeting of the Management Committee.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rationale: It is currently unclear how committee votes should be handled between scheduled meetings. This uncertainty has hamstrung the effective operation of the Management Committee.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

AGAINST THIS MOTION - Stuart

The constitution under sections [42-48 - committee_meetings](/constitution#committee_meetings) is sufficient for dealing with decisions at short notice.

Rationale:

    -Section 42.3 allows meetings at short notice - 48 hours
    -Face to Face meetings are better for discussion and section 45 allows for use of Technology for persons to attend.
    -To conduct business outside of a meeting is probably against the constitution.
    -It would better to add flexibility to the by-laws so decisions can be delegated.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### By-Law modification: Artifactory Expenses

Proposed motion: Modify the Artifactory Expenses By-Law last defined at the 01/09/2018 meeting of the Management Committee to read:

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stuart   |
| Status      | Approved |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Committee allows the Treasurer to pay/reimburse for the following expenses without needing to seek committee approval. **The Treasurer may defer reimbursement until a meeting of the Management Committee at their discretion.**

-   Lease and variable outgoings, building bonds
-   Fund Raising Fridge/Kitchenette Supplies (sell-able items)
-   Consumables for cleaning the Artifactory + toiletry supplies
-   **Materials and consumables for use by a subcommittee of the organisation provided that the total amount is less than \$75 and the expense has been approved by the head of the relevant subcommittee.**
-   Internet, welding gas, rubbish disposal, bank fees, merchant fees, fees associated with maintaining the membership database/management, electricity

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rationale: Some members that have time to do things around the space have that time because they're unemployed/retired and therefore do not have a lot of liquid cash that can be tied up in the reimbursement process. Waiting for a full vote of the committee for inconsequential purchases places undue financial burden on those members.

Note: additions have been marked **in bold**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### By-Law addition : Duties Delegated by the Secretary

Proposed motion: New By-Law to read:

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Approved |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The [Office bearers](constitution#committee_members), Deputy Treasurer, Deputy Secretary [Membership Officer](/committee/committeerulings#membership_officer_s) and the associations Bank Signatory's are authorised to accept written notices of resignation under the constitution item [10](/constitution#resignation) resignation

The Treasurer, Deputy Treasurer, Deputy Secretary and the associations Bank Signatory's are authorised to assist the Secretary with the maintaining of the register of members under the constitution item [13.1, 13.2](/constitution#register_of_members) and [30.d](/constitution#secretary)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### By-Law modification: Resident Artist Modification

Proposed motion: Modify the last defined at the 01/09/2018 meeting of the Management Committee to read:

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Hugh     |
| Status      | Approved |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Description: Noizemaschin Residency - Every 3 months the Artifactory allows a Noizemaschin panel-selected Audio Artist 3 months membership, with guaranteed NM performances slots. The Artist is to build wacky things or engage with the Artifactory in some way, and demonstrate their inventions at NoizeMachin!!

-   While the Noizemaschin Panel selects the Artist, the Artist must be formally approved by the Committee
-   The Artist is expected to play at 3 Noizemaschin events (where possible)
-   The Artist will be provided with a key to the Artifactory. (No bond required)
-   Tool usage fees apply at the same rate as Full or Concession members for the artist
-   **Rehearsal room usage**
    -   **3 rehearsal slots/month;**
    -   **Extra bookings may be made if a slot is free, no earlier than 48 hours in advance of the time you are booking**
    -   **A rehearsal slot is considered (broadly) to be a morning, afternoon or evening.**
-   The membership lasts for a period of 3 month**s**.
-   A person can only hold this membership once.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Felicity

Felicity has formally resigned to move over east. Our quorum requirements remain unchanged because they're a fixed number (4) rather than a percentage.

Relevant sections of the Constitution (slightly compressed for clarity):

-   [39.1](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=constitution#filling_casual_vacancies) "The committee may appoint a member who is eligible under rule 28.3 to fill a position on the committee..."
-   [28.3](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=constitution#committee_members) "A person may be a committee member if the person is an individual who has reached 18 years of age; and an ordinary member."

Voted to add adding Lauren to agenda.

Discussed her being added to committee.

Proposed: Fletcher Seconded: Lemming Status: Approve

### Stagnant Project Cleanup

-   Maksim has been notified that his stored projects have overstayed their welcome and our guidelines. They should have been picked up by the time the meeting starts.

Motion: Let Fletcher deal with Maxium's stuff Second: Iain Status: Approved

-   Lemming's bike has been removed from the office but is still in the space.
    -   Organised with Simon for Sunday

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Do we need to revisit our rules for long term storage of projects in the space?
    -   Discussions around reducing amount of storage space used by some members
    -   Table later for specifics
    -   Motion: To discuss with certain members on reducing amount of space used in space in 3 months
    -   Second: Stuart
    -   Status: Approved

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

Create the Infrastructure subcommittee with the following terms of reference:

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lemming  |
| Status      | Approved |

##### Scope and responsibilities

The Infrastructure Subcommittee is responsible for coordinating the following:

      * Project Leads for upgrades and repairs within the space
      * Assistance for assigned Project Leads
      * Internal funding proposals for space builds and repair costs
      * Any other tasks assigned by the Management Committee provided that they are accepted by the subcommittee chair

##### Coordination

The group will be loosely co-ordinated by the subcommittee chair. Individual projects will be co-ordinated by a designated Project Lead or another method determined by the subcommittee.

##### Membership

The Infrastructure Subcommittee chair and the Management Committee have the ability to add or remove members of the subcommittee.

The Infrastructure Subcommittee chair is appointed by the Management Committee.

##### Budgetary Requirements and Space Usage

The Infrastructure Subcommittee may request funds from the Management Committee. If approved the subcommittee may designate expense authority within the subcommittee subject to approval by the Treasurer.

The Management Committee authorises the subcommittee to waive tool usage fees when working on projects that are inline with the responsibilities of the subcommittee.

The subcommittee may requisition space within The Artifactory provided that any subcommittee materials do not interfere with scheduled events or the activites of Artifactory Members. This requisition must be upheld at the next meeting of the Management Committee in order to continue. It is the responsibility of the subcommittee chair to notify the Secretary that a requisition has taken place.

##### Tools and Procedures for Communication

The subcommittee will determine their own communication procedures.

##### Decisions made by the subcommittee

A determination made by the subcommittee is to be made by a simple majority of subcommittee members.

This section may be modified by the subcommittee using the existing process for subcommittee determinations.

##### Expected Duration

Indefinite.

### Appointment: Infrastructure subcommittee chair

Joshua has put his hand up to chair the subcommittee.

Proposed motion: Appoint Joshua Respondek as Infrastructure Subcommittee Chair

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stuart   |
| Status      | Approved |

### Appointment: Promotions subcommittee chair

Mel has put her hand up to chair the subcommittee. As the subcommittee chair has the ability to add members none have been proposed for this meeting.

Proposed motion: Appoint Mel as Promotions Subcommittee Chair

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stuart   |
| Status      | Approved |

### Appointment: Bar Manager

Teresa has put her hand up for this role.

Proposed motion: Appoint Teresa as Bar Manager. Provide this Bar Manager an RFID key to assist with this role on the provision that it will only be used for Bar Manager duties if she is a non-member.

| Moved By    | Stuart   |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Approved |

### Discussion adding RFID Locks to Office and Band Room

(STUART) It would be great to control these rooms by RFID, what would need to be done to get this setup. Who has the skills?

Lemming says might be able to get off the shelf ones that work with same RFID tags

### Nail gun

Discussion around nail gun and last minute expense requests.

## Action Summary

LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES

-   Fletcher - Improve signage for safety equipment and power points
-   Fletcher/Blake - Laser training checklist - **agree on checklist and add as agenda item to next meeting for approval**
-   Fletcher - Artifactory induction checklist - **to be emailed through to committee list for review Draft sending through**
-   Fletcher/Stuart - policy changes from 24/11 - wiki amended? **Work in Progress**
-   Fletcher/Stuart - By-Law/Membership/Subcommitte policy-establishment changes from 30/01 in wiki
-   WHO.... - Refresh first aid kit, contact St John for sponsorship/assistance (first aid kit stock discount and first aid certification discount), check insurance details with Stuart as related to first aid kits \*\* deferred \*\*
-   Lemming - Updated Materials and artefacts policy - from 24/11 - wiki amended?
-   Bike
-   Committee - Add Lauren / Remove Felicity for committee access. TidyHQ/Google Drive/Google Groups/Committee/Google Suite
-   Stuart - acquisition of 20 storage tubs
-   Lemming - to investigate off the shelf ones that work with same RFID tags
