---
title: 2019-09-14 - Post AGM
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:11:24.633Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:36:22.332Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2019.09.14 - Post AGM

# Agenda

1.  Elect office bearers
2.  Reaffirm Subcommittees
3.  Review Previous Meeting's Minutes
4.  Review Previous Meeting's Action Items
5.  Other Business

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: JM, Mel, Stuart, Steve, Fletcher, Lauren, Iain, Vincent, Blake
-   Apologies: Hugh
-   Absent: None
-   Observing: Nigel, Nick, Blake
-   Minute taker: Blake
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 13:40
-   Closed: CLOSE
-   Next meeting: NEXTMEETING, n weeks

# Elect office bearers

[How to do it](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=constitution#election_of_office_bearers)

-   Chair
    -   Nominations
        -   Iain
    -   Iain appointed
-   Dep Chair
    -   Nominations
        -   Stuart
    -   Stuart appointed
-   Treasurer
    -   Nominations
        -   Fletcher
    -   Fletcher appointed
-   Secretary
    -   Nominate
        -   JM
    -   JM appointed

# Reaffirm Subcommittees

Subcommittee Bylaw rule [6F](/committee/committeerulings#subcommittee_rules) - At the first Committee Meeting after the AGM or SGM all subcommittees will be dissolved unless reaffirmed by the management committee **subject to membership including a committee member**

List of which committee Member(s) is on which Subcommittee

-   Lasers - Fletcher
-   Sponsored Memberships Panel - Stuart, JM
-   Infrastructure - Fletcher
-   Promotions - Scott, Mel
-   IT Infrastructure - Vincent, Scott

| Reaffirm Subcommittees above Moved By | Stuart   |
|---------------------------------------|----------|
| Seconded By                           | Fletcher |
| Status                                | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   Defer to next meeting

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

Defer review on action items until next meeting???????????

-   Defer to next meeting

## Other Business

#### This needs to be done - It may take months!

Change Passwords/codes/access to committee stuff and things etc etc etc. **Who**

-   Google Group/Facebook/Slack/Google Suite/Safe/The many IT thingys/TidyHQ
-   Fletcher will email instructions
-   Stuart will email financial details and pass over keys through

## Next Meeting

Date: 05/10/2019, Time: 10am

-   Stuart discusses new meeting format
    -   Full meeting every 2 months
    -   Smaller meeting before each open day

General business

-   Nick Bannon - SCW (swan community workshop)
    -   Discuss swan workshop (central Midland)
    -   Send details through
    -   AGM coming up from it

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   JM - booked out next committee meeting from band calendar
