---
title: 2020-05-23
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:12:50.108Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:38:12.861Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2020.05.23

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Iain, Steve, Stuart, Lauren, Scott, Fletcher, Hugh, Vincent
-   Apologies: -
-   Absent: Melanie, Jean-Michel
-   Observing: -
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 4.14 pm
-   Closed: 4:46 pm
-   Next meeting: Saturday 20 June (5 weeks)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Vincent  |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stuart   |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS** \* Appoint a new Sponsored member panel member \* Followup with Lotterywest re: grant/funding

\* Set up band membership notifications (Fletcher) not yet

-   Update the Artifactory Expenses By-Law
    -   Update Wiki (Fletcher) passed onto Vincent. (Done)
-   Membership Class Modification: Resident Artist (passed onto Vincent)
    -   Update website (Fletcher)
    -   Update wiki (Fletcher) passed onto Vincent. (Done)
    -   Inform membership via Slack/Email (Fletcher)
    -   Inform NM community

## Correspondence

-   Daniel Lee (28 April)
    -   Wanted to become a member, but unsure if worth it because "\[we are\] closed to the public".
    -   Informed him that:
        -   Space is open to members, but with certain restrictions.
        -   If he wants to become a member, contact the Treasurer.
            -   Did anything come of it?
    -   I \[Vincent\] unsure about:
        -   Key bond waived for existing members, do new members get the same treatment? (Answer - No)
    -   Make sure we know what our policy on new members is, so we give future enquiries a more complete answer.

Letterboxes & Sign - Don tells us Watercorp removed them due to pricimity to water main.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   Intend to open up the space again, within government guidelines.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

-   We did receive \$2500 electricity credit on 01/05/2020. (THANKS WA GOVT) May cover around 5-7months of Electricity
-   NAB has reduced merchant fees by \$40 a month for 3 months (THANKS NAB)

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

|                                                        | 30/4/2020       | 31/03/2020      |                                                         |
|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|-----------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| Bank Accounts                                          | \$12,419.47     | \$12,819.62     |                                                         |
| Pending from TidyHQ/EFTPOS/Cash + Float                | \$190.00        | \$737.48        | Maybe a little more. Actual cash levels not checked     |
| **BALANCE**                                            | **\$12,609.47** | **\$13,557.10** | Ideally should be larger than bond value                |
| Guthrie St Bond                                        | \$6000          | \$6000          |                                                         |
|                                                        |                 |                 |                                                         |
| **Quarantined Funds**                                  | 30/4/2020       | 31/03/2020      |                                                         |
| Estimated Key Bond                                     | **\$11,455.00** | **\$11,605.00** |                                                         |
| Provisions For Annual Expenses                         | \$1,434.00      | \$1,045.00      | +240 for each month due annually 31/3. (\$2880 in 2020) |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                                    | **\$12,889.00** | **\$12,650.00** |                                                         |
| **Funds Available (+Yes -NO) BALANCE-DESIRED BALANCE** | **-\$279.53**   | **\$907.10**    |                                                         |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond + Money Collected on behalf of others) | Apr-20      | monthly average |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Membership Income                                             | \$3,415     | \$3,968         |
| Space Cash (drinks/events/tool fees/casual)                   | \$204       | \$2,144         |
| Fundraising                                                   |             | \$222           |
| Donations                                                     |             | \$167           |
| Donations - For Membership                                    | \$45        | \$83            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                                              | **\$3,664** | **\$6,583**     |
|                                                               |             |                 |
| EXPENSES                                                      | Apr-20      | monthly average |
| Lease/Utilities/BOC/Bank Fees/Insurance                       | \$4,507     | \$5,132         |
| Kitchenette/FundraisingFridge/Toiletries/Sale Program         | \$0         | \$566           |
| Total Regular Expenses                                        | **\$4,507** | **\$5,698**     |
| Fundraising Expenses                                          |             | \$82            |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses                             |             | \$555           |
| **Total Expense**                                             | **\$4,507** | \$6,334         |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   Still in 'Emergency mode' - no expenses to approve

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**Current Status**

Membership as at 2020-05-21: Note: Below is based on the constitutions definition of still being a member if 90 days overdue on an invoice. Note 10 members 5Concession+5Full would be coming up to that in the coming month.

-   41 (-5) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   22 (-3) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   2 (-2) Band Memberships
-   2 (-1) Associate Memberships

Membership at 2020-03-14:

-   46 Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   25 Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   4 Band Memberships
-   3 Associate Memberships

**Cancelled Non-Payment**

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   MEMBER_NAME

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - Tanya Law, Jacob Diffen, Michael Simons
-   FULL - Nathan Dunn, Brendan Scott
-   BAND - NAMES

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
    Defer Brendan Scott,
    Accept all other 4.

| Moved By    | Iain     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * Nothing to report.

**Event Officer**

      * Some events are starting again. No new events.

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * Business as usual, no new bands
      * One of the bands is planning to loan a PA to us indefinitely, as they wish to use it themselves.

**Quartermasters**

      * Energy drinks are popular.

**Membership Officers**

      * Nothing to report

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Funding freeze is slowing some things down.
      * Plans to make Z-probe crashes user-recoverable. Est. cost < $60.
    * **IT Subcommittee**
      * Nothing to report.

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * Nothing to report.

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * Proposing new member; see other business.

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * Infrastructure has formed the '3D-printing working group'

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

**Action Item** - inform event hosts of the additional requirements on holding events at the Artifactory based on the Artifactory's latest Covid.19 response above and announced this week.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) -
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) -
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) -

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) -
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) - Predicted to be the last event to restart at the Artifactory. Social distancing and Chess. Doesn't work well.

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - Western Leathercraft very keen to get restarted in June
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) -

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) -
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) -
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) - Good attendance online again last month. Peaked around \~40-45 watching live. Views \~270. Previous month at \~350. Highest ever for Noize. Thanks to Alwyn for organising the next one. Again online.' Big thanks to J-M as that was his last one as part of the Artifactory.

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) -
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) -

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

## Covid.19

-   COVID Safety Plan
-   Mandating all persons to the Artifactory to register name, phone number date and time. Purpose to assist Health Authorities in contact tracing if required due to Covid.19

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The Artifactory notes increased in Hygiene standards required for WA for food businesses/bars etc as a result of Covid.19. While we don't fall into that category is would be best practice to cease <u>serving</u> snacks, doing BBQs and drinks etc at events until a relaxing of the strict Hygiene standards.

No motion required.

## Space Purge\Cleaning Date

-   The space is a tip
-   Decide on a date for a busybee to clean the workshop.
-   Gather volunteers.

Date decided: 30 May (next saturday)

No motion required; we already have the authority.

### Add member to Sponsored Memberships Panel

Add Michael Simons to the sponsored membership panel, they're -1 member with Jean-Michel leaving.

Effective immediately

| Moved By    | Iain     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Waive last 2 invoices for overdue memberships due to Covid inactivity

With a large number of members(\~12) on \>2 invoices due. And for 2 invoices due at around another maybe \~18. Consider offering to WAIVE up 2 invoices for people due to Covid.19? Offer only available for Invoices sent in March and April. Offer would have to be given to everyone with overdue invoices

This is a last ditch attempt to keep these people on the membership list and paying us money. This money is already forfeit, so we lose nothing by attempting this.

Offer available for only two weeks from given notice. Offer not open to members of the Committee.

Motion: Allow the treasurer to retroactively apply covid-19 relief measures, from the date they were first enacted.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: Saturday 20 June (5 weeks)

## Action Summary

None
