---
title: Committee Meeting - 2020-03-28
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:12:32.302Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:37:48.446Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2020.03.28

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Mel, Stuart, Fletcher, Iain, Scott, Vincent, Lauren, Steve, Jean-Michel,Hugh
-   Apologies: NAMES
-   Absent: NAMES
-   Observing: Google
-   Minute taker: Jean-Michel
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 6:11PM
-   Closed: CLOSE
-   Next meeting: Sat 25th, 4pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Stu      |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Mel      |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

-   Rehearsal Room Coordinator appointment
    -   <s>Provide admin access to as required (Stuart)</s> Done
    -   Set up band membership notifications (Fletcher)
-   Update the Artifactory Expenses By-Law
    -   Update Wiki (Fletcher)
-   Membership Class Modification: Resident Artist
    -   Update website (Fletcher)
    -   Update wiki (Fletcher)
    -   Inform membership via Slack/Email (Fletcher)
    -   Inform NM community
-   New policies in response to COVID-19
    -   Implement Covid19 emergency measures (Fletcher, Steve and various members) -Ongoing

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   East Metro Health Service - Making facemasks etc. discussion ongoing

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      *potentially 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   PROPERTY

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   really good job with covid19 stuff

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

-   we may need to maintain 85-90% to avoid closure - with no external intervention.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   EXPENSES

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - Jim Tuckwell
-   FULL - Dave Madgwick
-   BAND - NAMES

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * Working on server migrations
      * all info being updated on wiki and #helldesk

**Event Officer**

      * Everything cancelled

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * Currently discussing with James and Aaron. If they both still want to use band room, wed look at having Aaron on Thursdays on the stage, and James for a single regular night in the bandroom.
        * Stage use would be booked in the main calendar (as well as bandroom calender) and membership notified.

**Quartermasters**

      * Suspending sales

**Membership Officers**

      * Nothing to report

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Lasers working - will keep working

**IT Subcommittee**

      * REPORT

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * Supanova may not happen

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * Nothing to Report

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * last of stuff acquired for  CAD room
      * avoiding spending money

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) -
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - cancelled
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) - cancelled

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) - cancelled
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) - cancelled

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) - cancelled
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - cancelled
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) - cancelled

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - cancelled
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) - cancelled
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) -
    -   NM!! \#105 - live streaming edition. 8(ish) acts to be edited into a single video and streamed on NoizeMaschin!! Youtube channel.
    -   Cheers to Alwyn, SKoT, Ethan, Tim and Stu for their help to organise.

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Cancelled
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) - Cancelled
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) - Cancelled
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) - 8 people, last one open for public.

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Vending Machine Extension

Due to recent Coronavirus, Steve has been unable to work on vending machine. Request to extend vending machine restoration till 30th September, 2020

**Motion** (if required)

*Extend time limit for vending machine restoration*

//until 30/06/2020 //

| Moved By    | Jean-Michel |
|-------------|-------------|
| Seconded By | Stu         |
| Status      | Accepted    |

Action Items (if required)

| Action Items                  | Who       |
|-------------------------------|-----------|
| Progress Report By 31/08/2020 | Steve     |
| Inform                        | Committee |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: Sat 25th, 4pm

## Action Summary

-   Rehearsal Room Coordinator appointment
    -   Set up band membership notifications (Fletcher)
-   Update the Artifactory Expenses By-Law
    -   Update Wiki (Fletcher)
-   Membership Class Modification: Resident Artist
    -   Update website (Fletcher)
    -   Update wiki (Fletcher)
    -   Inform membership via Slack/Email (Fletcher)
    -   Inform NM community
-   New policies in response to COVID-19
    -   Implement Covid19 emergency measures (Fletcher, Steve and various members) -Ongoing
