---
title: Committee Meeting - 2020-12-05
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:13:40.139Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:39:21.774Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2020.12.05

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Iain, Beau, Fletcher, Vincent, Jason, Judith, Lisa, Scott, Steve
-   Apologies: NAMES
-   Absent: Blake
-   Observing: NAMES
-   Minute taker: NAME
-   Chair: NAME

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 9:23
-   Closed: 10;04 AM
-   Next meeting: Sunday 2021.01.10 10:00 am , 5 weeks

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Beau     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Judith   |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

    *

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   INCIDENTS - none

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   PROPERTY

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

\* We haven't received any payment recently for casual use of the bandroom but I've noticed an uptick in general member use of the room. Are band room keyholders monitoring that payments are being taken?

\* TidyHQ has offered to grandfather us in at our old price \$600/yr instead of the new \$900/yr. (no motion required)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   EXPENSES

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

-   No report.

**Cancelled Non-Payment**

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   MEMBER_NAME

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - NAMES
-   FULL - NAMES
-   BAND - NAMES

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * REPORT

**Event Officer**

      * REPORT

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * Band room has started going through some small quality of life improvements

**Quartermasters**

      * Bar sales are up

**Membership Officers**

      * REPORT

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * Audit continuing. A number of slots are occupied by 'suspending due to covid' non-members. Add an item to the next meeting to consider lifting the provisions that result in that, and in contacting those members to see if they wish to become members again or take their property back.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Slump in maintenance, potentially because efforts have been directed to the cad room and swarf upgrades

**IT Subcommittee**

      * Our website is offline, a placeholder is in place and a replacement is in the works

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * REPORT

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * Uptick in interest

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * Design lab nearing completion, CNC router back in operation (thank you to everyone that worked on this with a special mention to Ben Connor for his many late nights)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) -
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) -
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) -

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) -
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) -

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) -
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) -
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Skot) -

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) -
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) -

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

### Change to Vice Chair position

We should update the current roles and responsibility of Vice Chair.

The Vice Chairman's functions include, but are not limited to - Performing the Chairman's functions when the Chairman is unavailable. Sharing the Chairman's workload Ensuring audit and maintenance logs of the Artifactory, and actioning maintenance or other activities that arise from these. Responsible for organising and maintaining the cleanliness of any premises held by the association. For example by organising clean up events, providing cleaning incentives etc

Motion deferred for a rewrite prior to next meeting; specifically, it should contain the text of a proposed new by-law.

### How the Artifactory interacts with Persons under the age of 18

We need to have a clear outline of how Persons under 18 can use and be in the Artifactory.

Example of what should be added to the Wiki

Children 12 and under - must remain in arms reach of parent or guardian at all times Children 16-13 - must remain in same working area as parent, I.e machine room, project area, backyard, design lab, electronics lab, hot works area Children 17-16 - parent or guardian must accompany to the space. All power tool usage must be supervised by parent or guardian. Any tool use will be chargeable at casual member rate. No one under the age of 18 may accompany any ordinary Artifactory member outside of the Artifactory. Consumption of alcohol is prohibited. Any persons under the age of 18 consuming alcohol will be immediately expelled. Any incident involving a persons under 18 must be reported to the parent or guardian immediately. Special privileges may be awarded to a persons of the age of 17 after frequent attendance to the space for a period no less than 1 year and that they have a provisional driver's licence. These privileges extend to unsupervised use of the project area, design lab and electronics lab. All other areas and associated tool usage must be accompanied by a parent or guardian. The Artifactory is not a daycare. Anyone under the age of 16 may not use slack nor have a slack account (also part of Slack's term's of service).

Deferred to next meeting, to be written-up formally as a new by-law.

| Action Items                                                    | Who      |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| Write up "person's under the age of 18" by-law for next meeting | Fletcher |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Code of Conduct

We have multiple concurrent draft CoCs on the go (document distributed via Slack). Please review when you have a chance. However, this meeting is not the place to have a constructive discussion about changes compared to an asynchronous discussion online.

Actual discussion point for today:

Splitting workshop safety and general code of conduct up, since they deal with very different types of things.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: Sunday 2021.01.10 10:00 am , 5 weeks

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
