---
title: 2020-04-25
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:12:41.105Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:38:00.712Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2020.04.25

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Iain, Stuart, Fletcher, Lauren, Mel, Vincent, Jean-Michel
-   Apologies: Steve
-   Absent: Scott, Hugh
-   Observing: Beau
-   Minute taker: Jean-Michel
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 4:13pm
-   Closed: CLOSE
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   motion to defer

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

-   Set up band membership notifications (Fletcher) not yet
-   Update the Artifactory Expenses By-Law
    -   Update Wiki (Fletcher) passed onto Vincent
-   Membership Class Modification: Resident Artist (passed onto Vincent)
    -   Update website (Fletcher)
    -   Update wiki (Fletcher)
    -   Inform membership via Slack/Email (Fletcher)
    -   Inform NM community
-   New policies in response to COVID-19
    -   Implement Covid19 emergency measures (Fletcher, Steve and various members) -Ongoing

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   CORRESPONDENCE
    -   Facemask assembly at Artifactory?
        -   Utilising the space to produce
        -   We may get uv equipment donated
        -   Fletcher to continue discussions

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   PROPERTY

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
      *Landlord insurance company inspected the space.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

-   We look to be eligible for the State Govt \$2500 credit for electricity to be credit 1st of May. [WA Govt Statement](https://www.mediastatements.wa.gov.au/Pages/McGowan/2020/03/$1-billion-COVID-19-economic-and-health-relief-package-unveiled-.aspx)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Looking for someone to followup with Lotterywest. Iain and Steve? \*action

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

Notes to the below.

-   Insurance was paid in March 2020 for the coming year. Budgeting for it was adequate.
-   Space Cash (other Income) would have been \$1100 less if payment wasn't received by ADUG for all their 2020 meetings.

|                                                        |                 |                 |                                                                                        |
|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|-----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|                                                        | 31/03/2020      | 29/02/2020      | notes ................................................................................ |
| Bank Accounts                                          | \$12,819.62     | \$14,573.98     |                                                                                        |
| Pending from TidyHQ/EFTPOS/Cash + Float                | \$737.48        | \$1,542.72      |                                                                                        |
| **BALANCE**                                            | **\$13,557.10** | **\$16,116.70** | Ideally should be larger than bond value                                               |
| Guthrie St Bond                                        | \$6000          | \$6000          |                                                                                        |
|                                                        |                 |                 |                                                                                        |
| **Quarantined Funds**                                  | 31/03/2020      | 29/02/2020      |                                                                                        |
| Estimated Key Bond                                     | **\$11,605.00** | **\$11,755.00** |                                                                                        |
| For Insurance 20/21                                    | \$0.00          | \$2,552.00      | +240 for each month due annually 31/3. (\$2880 in 2020)                                |
| For TidyHQ 20/21                                       | \$245.00        | \$196.00        | +49 for each month due annually Oct. (\$588.75 in 2019)                                |
| For Extra Outgoings 20/21                              | \$800.00        | \$700.00        | +100 for each month due annually Aug. (\$442.66 in 2019)                               |
| **DESIRED BALANCE**                                    | **\$12,650.00** | **\$15,203.00** |                                                                                        |
| **Funds Available (+Yes -NO) BALANCE-DESIRED BALANCE** | **\$907.10**    | **\$913.70**    |                                                                                        |

| REVENUE (Excludes Bond)                               | Mar-20      | monthly average |
|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Membership Income                                     | \$3,945     | \$3,974         |
| Space Cash (drinks/events/tool fees/casual)           | \$1,599     | \$2,310         |
| Fundraising                                           |             | \$222           |
| Donations                                             | \$94        | \$167           |
| Donations - For Membership                            | \$45        | \$86            |
| **TOTAL INCOME**                                      | **\$5,683** | **\$6,759**     |
|                                                       |             |                 |
| EXPENSES                                              | Mar-20      | monthly average |
| Lease/Utilities/BOC/Bank Fees/Insurance               | \$7,372     | \$5,202         |
| Kitchenette/FundraisingFridge/Toiletries/Sale Program | \$116       | \$597           |
| Total Regular Expenses                                | **\$7,487** | **\$5,799**     |
| Fundraising Expenses                                  | \$197       | \$82            |
| Equipment/Infrastructure Expenses                     | \$513       | \$579           |
| **Total Expense**                                     | **\$8,197** | \$6,460         |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   EXPENSES

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**Current Status**

Membership as at 2020-xx-xx:

-   X (+X / -X) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Band Memberships
-   X (+1 / -1) Associate Memberships

**Cancelled Non-Payment**

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   MEMBER_NAME

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - NAMES
-   FULL - NAMES
-   BAND - NAMES
-   ASSOCIATE MEMBERSHIP - Stuart Orchard (resident artist)
    -   Educational purposes as working towards honours at university.

| Moved By    | Jean-MIchel |
|-------------|-------------|
| Seconded By | Stuart      |
| Status      | Accepted    |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * REPORT

**Event Officer**

      * REPORT

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * Down to two memberships with one active band using the facility. 
        * Two bands will likely return once Covid19 restrictions are lifted.
      * Band member James has 3 requests. 
        * Bandmate wants to use bandroom during the day (weekdays to give lessons to students). 
          * Standard member fee is currently $20 per session
        * James band to use bandroom twice a week regularly
          *.Proposed temporary $150 per month fee
          * Band supports this idea
        

**Quartermasters**

      * REPORT

**Membership Officers**

      * REPORT

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * basic maintenance

**IT Subcommittee**

      * REPORT

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * Hahaha (mel)

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * Replacement (

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * Maintenance mode

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - Cancelled
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - Moved to online
    -   going okay, better scheduling.
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) - Cancelled

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) - Cancelled
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) - Cancelled

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) - Cancelled
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - Cancelled
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) - Cancelled

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - Cancelled
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) - Cancelled
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) -
    -   Live streaming NM!! had peak viewing at 41 people with an active live chat (unfortunately chat was deleted when stream upload was trimmed)
    -   Thanks to Alwyn Nixon-Lloyd for organising artists and coordinating the stream.
        -   Alwyn developed a document to help other NM curators to organise online NM!!s
            -   <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NLW0MyagQSq1p3IKrMG6bt1eDODwGWiLhJ2H0lkLL88/edit>
    -   Easiest and most on time NM!! ever!

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Cancelled
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) - Cancelled
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) - Moved to online.
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Cancelled

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Appoint a new Secretary

J-M moving to ze country \~03/05/2020. Thus need new secretary.

**Motion** (if required)

// Vincent to replace JM as secretary //

//To take effect from 26/05/2020 //

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Mel      |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items

| Action Items                          | Who |
|---------------------------------------|-----|
| Implement By xx/xx/2020               |     |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc |     |
| Inform                                |     |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## End of Meeting

4:47pm Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 23rd May, 4:00pm

## Action Summary

-   Appoint a new Sponsored member panel member
-   Followup with Lotterywest re: grant/funding

(passed onto Vincent) \* Set up band membership notifications (Fletcher) not yet

-   Update the Artifactory Expenses By-Law
    -   Update Wiki (Fletcher) passed onto Vincent. (Done)
-   Membership Class Modification: Resident Artist (passed onto Vincent)
    -   Update website (Fletcher)
    -   Update wiki (Fletcher) passed onto Vincent. (Done)
    -   Inform membership via Slack/Email (Fletcher)
    -   Inform NM community
