---
title: Committee Meeting - 2020-09-26 - Post AGM
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:13:22.212Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:39:00.213Z
---

# COMMITTEE MEETING 2020.09.26 - POST AGM

# Agenda

1.  Elect office bearers
2.  Reaffirm Subcommittees
3.  Review Previous Meeting's Minutes
4.  Review Previous Meeting's Action Items
5.  Other Business

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Everyone
-   Apologies: -
-   Absent: -
-   Observing: none
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 1.56 pm
-   Closed: 2.11 pm
-   Next meeting: 1.00 pm, 21st Nov

# Elect office bearers

[How to do it](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=constitution#election_of_office_bearers)

-   Chair: Iain Graham
-   Dep Chair: Beau Daley
-   Treasurer: Fletcher Boyd
-   Secretary: Vincent Dalstra

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Dep Treasurer (informal role) Scott Simons
-   Dep Secretary (informal role) -

# Reaffirm Subcommittees

Subcommittee Bylaw rule 6F - At the first Committee Meeting after the AGM or SGM all subcommittees will be dissolved unless reaffirmed by the management committee **subject to membership including a committee member**

List of which committee Member(s) is on which Subcommittee

-   Lasers - Blake, Fletcher
-   Sponsored memberships - Jason
-   Infrastructure - Fletcher, Iain, Beau
-   Promotions - Scott
-   IT infrastructure - Vincent, Scott, Blake

| Reaffirm listed Subcommitteess. Moved By | Iain     |
|------------------------------------------|----------|
| Seconded By                              | Vincent  |
| Status                                   | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   No discussion needed.

Accept the previous meetings minutes

| Moved By    | Steve    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

Defer review on action items until next meeting???????????

| Moved By    | Steve    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Other Business

#### This needs to be done - It may take months!

Change Passwords/codes/access to committee stuff and things etc etc etc. **Who**

-   Google Group/Facebook/Slack/Google Suite/Safe/The many IT thingys/TidyHQ

## Next Meeting

*See start of minutes*

### Emergency Business

## Sponsored memberships

Brought by Fletcher

Appoint Johannes Chuah as the new rehearsal room coordinator

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Lisa     |
| Status      | Accepted |

## Bank Accounts

Brought by Fletcher.

Remove Stuart, SKoT and Tim.

Add Iain, Vincent, Beau.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

# Change meeting period

Brought by Iain.

Reduce the meeting period from every month to every two months.

Does not require a vote.

(Met with favour).
