---
title: 2020-07-25
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:13:07.289Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:38:35.858Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2020.07.25

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Iain, Fletcher, Vincent, Hugh, Lauren
-   Apologies: Fletcher, Stuart, Melanie
-   Absent: Scott, Steve
-   Observing: Lisa McCarthy, Michael O'Connor, Beau Daley, Nigel Tinson
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 3:20 (PLANNED: 3.00pm)
-   Closed: 3:50
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Order change

Resolve to deal with the 'Casual Vacancy' item first

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Casual Vacancy in the Management Committee

Jean-michel has triggered article 12.5 of our constitution and his membership has been automatically terminated <https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=constitution#membership_fees>

This leaves a casual vacancy on the committee that we have the option of filling.

*Motion:*

Appoint Lisa MCarthy to the management committee.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

| Action Items                                       | Who             |
|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| Update wiki (list of committee members)            | Vincent Dalstra |
| Add appointee to user groups (tidyHQ, Slack, wiki) | Vincent Dalstra |
| Assign key                                         | Vincent Dalstra |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Small error in the attendance for the meeting before last (2020.05.23) [Committee Meeting 2020.05.23](/committee/committee_meeting_2020.05.23)

Jean-michel, who was still technically a member of the management committee at that time, was not noted in the attendance (neither as "Present", "Apologies", nor "Absent"). Given the circumstances, this should corrected.

Note that this change will be recorded for posterity, both in this meetings minutes, and also in the version control for that meeting's minutes page.

*Motion:*

Correct the minutes of the committee meeting for 2020.05.23, by adding "Jean-Michel" to the list of absent members.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

Accept the minutes of the previous meeting

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

\-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   Blacksmith interested in running a workshop. Nothing concrete yet

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   Nothing to report.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   Mailbox still gone.
-   Z-lab ceiling repaired to a safe state. Still should not walk up there.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   Nothing to report.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

Not as strong as Pre-covid, but stable. Bar is well stocked again.

Also delegating to Iain and Vincent the ability to process Reimbursements

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   Model Rockets - \$150

| Moved By    | Iain     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**Current Status**

Membership as at 2020-xx-xx:

-   X (+X / -X) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Band Memberships
-   X (+X / -X) Associate Memberships

**Cancelled Non-Payment**

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   MEMBER_NAME

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - Sandra, Peter Lane
-   FULL - Marius Basanovic, Adrian Gil,
-   BAND - NAMES

Approve the membership of all four new members above EXCEPT Marius, which we will defer to the next meeting.

| Moved By    | Vincent  |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Hugh     |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * -

**Event Officer**

      * -

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * -

**Quartermasters**

      * Vincent: New freezer meals.

**Membership Officers**

      * -

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Been working through some problems.

**IT Subcommittee**

      * Nothing to report

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * Made rockets

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * REPORT

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * Hole in z-lab ceiling repaired.
      * 3D-printing - need more resin
      * Bandsaw 
        * Seem to going through a blade every month. Should get cheaper supplies.
        * It seems like one of the bearings on it is bad as well.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) -
    -   It happened. They ordered pizza.
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) -
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) -

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) -
    -   "Terrible". No one went.
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) -

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) -
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) -

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) -
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) -
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) -
    -   Back to normal it seems. Livestream is also useful.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Fringe signups are open. We may be able to register as a venue (even if we are a bit far away...)
    -   Note that our liquor licence is valid only for events relating to the space. Something to think about.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Possible plans with podcasting etc.

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
    -   Have been going pretty well. For some reason, everyone turned up at the same time today, rather than spread out over time.
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) -
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) -
    -   Didn't drink any wine. We need better wine!
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
    -   A little less busy than usual.
    -   Note that these sorts of events are very good at turning visitors into members, so large turnout is not a requirement.

**Other** (new and once off events)

\* CAD room redo is going well.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

*Casual Vacancy item was dealt with at the start.*

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 22 / 08 / 2020, 4 weeks

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
              * Start at 3pm.

## Action Summary

| Action Items                                       | Who             |
|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| Update wiki (list of committee members)            | Vincent Dalstra |
| Add appointee to user groups (tidyHQ, Slack, wiki) | Vincent Dalstra |
| Assign key                                         | Vincent Dalstra |
