---
title: 2021-07-03
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:14:32.139Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:40:37.992Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2021.07.03

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2021.05.26](Committee Meeting 2021.05.26)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting 2021.08.07](Committee Meeting 2021.08.07)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Iain, Beau, Fletcher, Vincent, Blake, Jason
-   Apologies: Judith
-   Absent: Scott
-   Observing: none
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 7:06pm (PLANNED: 7:00 pm, online)
-   Closed: 7:53pm
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Deferred reviewing minutes of meeting before: [Committee Meeting 2021.05.22](Committee Meeting 2021.05.22)

-   No issues

| Moved By    | Beau     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.05.26](Committee Meeting 2021.05.26)

-   No issues

| Moved By    | Beau     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   Email from Peter Dreisiger, requesting a repayment of \$1000 of NeverNever.
    -   Current definition forbids us from paying that out
    -   Definition has changed over time, but all previous definitions would also forbid us from paying it out at this time.
        -   A loss of \$1000 would put us in a fragile state, financially.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   PROPERTY

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

| Operations | \$10,987.03 |
|------------|-------------|
| Sale       | \$112.05    |
| Donations  | \$2,500.16  |
| Total      | \$13,612.65 |

Not has high as we'd like but our head is still above water. There was an issue with the auto transfer for rent which has been resolved. Worth noting that the upgrades documented elsewhere have been funded pretty much exclusively funded directly by donations rather than our accounts.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**Current Status**

Membership as at 2021-xx-xx:

-   X (+X / -X) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Band Memberships
-   X (+X / -X) Associate Memberships

**Cancelled Non-Payment**

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   MEMBER_NAME

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - Ben Dwyer
-   FULL - Manuel Philipp Bauer
-   BAND - NAMES

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * REPORT

**Event Officer**

      * REPORT

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * REPORT

**Quartermasters**

      * REPORT\

**Membership Officers**

      * REPORT

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Lasers are cutting well

**IT Subcommittee**

      * REPORT

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * REPORT

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * REPORT

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * New batteries, hand vacuum, hand tools (donation from Fletcher
      * Welding bay getting rearranged
      * More door keys purchased
      * 3D printing: Tevo is working again (Thanks Ben!)
      * 3D printing: Resin order and 2x flexible build plates on the way

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - Ticking along. No complaints.
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - New people coming along. Likely to be dead for a while, due to covid.
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) -

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) -
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) -

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) -

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) -
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) -
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) -

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) -
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) -

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Artifactory Merch

JC wants to try out Redbubble for some Artifactory Merch now that we have a new logo <https://www.redbubble.com/people/ArtifactoryWA/shop?asc=u>

No motion required. General approval.

### Compressor Enclosure Expansion

Proposal by Ben for the machine room, lasers, and courtyard: <https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=committee:infrastructure_proposal_3-7-2021_-_dust_and_smoke.docx> Order of operations

-   Re-arrange the machine room (because it is easy, costs nothing, and establishes the machine configuration the dust extraction system is to service)
-   Rigid dust header in machine room
-    Utilities lean-to
-    Rigid smoke header for lasers (because in the interim, someone may decide they want to design / build an automation solution, and it would be preferable to know this in advance).

*This is more of an Infrastructure thing, but considering a lot of changes are being made, committee approval is useful to have.*

**Motion** *Committee approves of all items except the Utilities lean-to, which would require more planning, exploration, and also permission from the landlord. The committee leaves specific details to the infrastructure subcommittee. Project will not be financed by the association.*

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Former member ban email response

Discuss response email from former member who was recently banned (requested by Blake).

| Action Items     | Who            |
|------------------|----------------|
| Write a response | Blake/Fletcher |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 2020.08.07 6:00 pm, 5 weeks

Minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.08.07](Committee Meeting 2021.08.07)

## Action Summary

| Action Items                | Who            |
|-----------------------------|----------------|
| Respond to member ban email | Blake/Fletcher |
