---
title: 2021-09-18 - Post AGM
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:14:56.716Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:41:17.699Z
---

# COMMITTEE MEETING 2021.09.18 - POST AGM

# Agenda

1.  Elect office bearers
2.  Reaffirm Subcommittees
3.  Review Previous Meeting's Minutes
4.  Review Previous Meeting's Action Items
5.  Other Business

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Beau Scott, Iain Graham, Vincent Dalstra, Fletcher Boyd, Phoebe-Jean Harris (new), Ben Connor(new), Johannes Chua(new), Jason Kongchouy, Joshua Rospondek(new)
-   Apologies:
-   Absent: Jeremiah Finch
-   Observing:
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Beau

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 3:00 pm
-   Closed: 3:
-   Next meeting: 2021.10.23 Time: 6:00pm (6 Weeks)

# Elect office bearers

[How to do it](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=constitution#election_of_office_bearers)

-   Chair: Beau
-   Dep Chair: Fletcher
-   Treasurer: Vincent
-   Secretary: Phoebe

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Dep Treasurer (informal role): Ben Connor
-   Dep Secretary (informal role):

# Reaffirm Subcommittees

Subcommittee Bylaw rule 6F - At the first Committee Meeting after the AGM or SGM all subcommittees will be dissolved unless reaffirmed by the management committee **subject to membership including a committee member**

List of which committee Member(s) is on which Subcommittee

-   IT - Vincent
-   Infrastructure Y - Joshua, Fletcher, Iain, Beau
-   Promotions - Jason, Phoebe
-   Lasers - Fletcher
-   Sponsored memberships - Jason

| Reaffirm All listed Subcommitteess. Moved By | Iain     |
|----------------------------------------------|----------|
| Seconded By                                  | Fletcher |
| Status                                       | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Deferring to next meeting, to allow fresh members time to read it

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

Defer review on action items until next meeting

## Other Business

#### This needs to be done - It may take months!

Change Passwords/codes/access to committee stuff and things etc etc etc. **Fletcher, Vincent**

-   Google Group/Facebook/Slack/Google Suite/Safe/The many IT thingys/TidyHQ

## Next Meeting

Date: 2021.10.23 Time: 6:00pm
