---
title: 2021-10-23
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:15:05.721Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:41:27.970Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2021.10.23

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2021.09.18](Committee Meeting 2021.09.18)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting 2021.12.11](Committee Meeting 2021.12.11)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT - Beau, Fletcher, Vincent, Ben, Jez, Phoebe
-   Apologies: JC, Spondy, Ben
-   Absent: NAMES Iain, Jason
-   Observing: NAMES
-   Minute taker: Phoebe
-   Chair: Beau

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 18.08
-   Closed: 19.02
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.09.18](Committee Meeting 2021.09.18)

-   DISCUSSION
-   Corrected reaffirmed subcommittee - IT

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   CORRESPONDENCE

Offer to run an event in a library space, but unable to because of the inability to be mobile Fletcher will reach out for further information

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

Business as usual

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   PROPERTY

Camera update carpark lights

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

Business as usual

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report. Treasurer change over still in progress

------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**Current Status**

Membership as at 2020-xx-xx:

-   X (+X / -X) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Band Memberships
-   X (+X / -X) Associate Memberships

**Cancelled Non-Payment**

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   MEMBER_NAME

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - Benjamin Cragie, Prasanna Suraweera, Adam Razak
-   FULL - Tarant Borlase, Richard Blackman
-   BAND - NAMES

Accepted the following members - Benjamin Cragie, Prasanna Suraweera Deferred the following members - Adam Razak, Tarant Borlase, Richard Blackman

| Moved By    | Beau     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * 

**Event Officer**

      * Halloween Party coming up on the 30/10/2021
      * Organising group project - Giant Robot 
      * Organising LAN - 20/11/2021

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * Nothing to report 

**Quartermasters**

      * Nothing to report 

**Membership Officers**

      * Nothing to report 

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * Nothing to report 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * automatic air on its way
      * Good turnout at Laser maintenance  

**IT Subcommittee**

      * Leagues NVR is being deprecated 

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * 

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * REPORT

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * Beau loaned Vestil HKC 55 Circler, 2 X Nikita Tracks, 
      * Ben dwyer Drum sander Carbatech, 15 thicknesser
      * Fletcher loaned Ryobi Impact driver
      * Adam donated Anycubic wash and cured 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - Nothing to report
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - Nothing to report
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) - Nothing to report
-   Space Club (Coordinators: ) - Nothing to report

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) - Didn't run
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) - Didn't run

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -Didn't run
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - Needs blue tables clear to run event, was resolved, but be mindful

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - Miscommunication regarding lockup procedures
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) - Moved to the same night as Wine and Design, was successful
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) - Nothing to report

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Nothing to report
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) - Nothing to report
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) -Nothing to report

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Swap internet from Pentanet to Aussie BroadBand

Pentanet don't sponsor us any more and have left us on a rather expensive plan (\$129/month) with a low download allowance (500GB). Swapping to Aussie BroadBand, lets us a cheaper bill (\$84/month) and unlimited data.

To take effect from 23/10/2021

| Moved By    | Beau              |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

Action Items: Find a VDSL2+ modem, call ABB to start the process.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 2021.12.11 16:30 am/pm, N weeks

Minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.12.11](Committee Meeting 2021.12.11)

## Action Summary

    ^ Action Items^ Who | 

|                                                                          |          |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| Draft acceptance/deferred letter make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | Fletcher |
| Add "referred by" member field                                           | Fletcher |
| Find a VDSL2+ modem, call ABB to start the process.                      | Iain     |
| Add Phoebe to events calendar                                            | Fletcher |
