---
title: 2021-12-11
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:15:14.487Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:41:41.559Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2021.12.11

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2021.10.23](Committee Meeting 2021.10.23)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting NNNN.NN.NN](Committee Meeting NNNN.NN.NN)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT - Beau, Fletcher, Ben, Jez, JC
-   Apologies: Joshua
-   Absent: Iain, Phoebe, Jason, Vincent
-   Observing: Nil
-   Minute taker: Fletcher
-   Chair: Beau

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 1645
-   Closed: 1740
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.10.23](Committee Meeting 2021.10.23)

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

    ^ Action Items^ Who^ Completed? |

|                                                            |          |                                |
|------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------------------------|
| Draft acceptance/deferred letter make/implement the thing. | Fletcher | Largely done, getting feedback |
| Add "referred by" member field                             | Fletcher | Done                           |
| Find a VDSL2+ modem, call ABB to start the process.        | Iain     | Done                           |
| Add Phoebe to events calendar                              | Fletcher | Done                           |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   No correspondence of note

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   Potential fire risk due to capacitor discharge. - Solved using existing mitigation on site.
    -   Needs more investigation and discussion

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   Business as usual, run well, :thumbs up:

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

| Account    | 11/12/21   |
|------------|------------|
| Operations | \$6,836.11 |
| Sale       | \$112.05   |
| Donations  | \$2,725.16 |
| Total      | \$9,673.32 |

\* Rent has been paid early due to the REA closing over the holiday.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**Current Status**

**New Memberships for deferral**

-   CONCESSION - NAMES
-   FULL - Peter Thomson
-   BAND - NAMES

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * No report submitted

**Event Officer**

      * No report submitted

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * Issues with band aircon, liasing with infrastructure on solution.
      * Cleanup to be organised

**Quartermasters**

      * Restock required

**Membership Officers**

      * No report submitted

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * No report submitted

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Automated air upgrades are still in progress
      * Bed levelling issue potentially corrected

**IT Subcommittee**

      * Switching over to AussieBB

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * Collectors Zone fair attended. - Fair amount of interest, very low sales.
        * Booked in for feb event
      * Time for a sellable item purge
      * New flyers needed
      * New business cards needed

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * New student approved

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * Potential issue with several security cameras has been identified. Fix in progress.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - No report
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - Business as usual
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) - Business as usual

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinators: Iain, Fletcher, Phoebe) -Event ran, went well

\<del\> \* Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) -\</del\>

**Cosplay and Craft**

\<del\> \* Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -\</del\>

-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - Business as usual

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - Business as usual

\<del\> \* Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) -\</del\>

-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) - Last event seemed to run well.

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Largely business but we have had a few quite hot days that have reduced attendance
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) - Went really well, high attendance suspected due to fb ad
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) - Business as usual

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Grant purchase

We have recently been approved for a \$1000 grant designed to help volunteers. Our application made the case that safer equipment allows us to reduce the barrier to teaching people with a particular focus on a replacement table saw.

The [DeWalt DWE7491-XE 2000W](https://www.dewalt.com.au/products/dwe7491-xe--table-saw-254mm) is approximately within our price range (\$1,245) and has the added benefit of being more portable (and storable) than our current Triton saw.

The lowest retail cost from an authorized distributor appears to be both [Sydney Tools](https://sydneytools.com.au/product/dewalt-dwe7491-xe-2000w-254mm-table-saw-16mm-bore) and [Mitre 10](https://www.mitre10.com.au/table-saw-portable-254mm-2000w) with other retailers coming in between \$[5](https://www.justtools.com.au/dewalt-254mm-table-saw-2000w-dwe7491-xe/) and [104](https://www.toolmart.com.au/brands/dewalt/dewalt-dwe7491-xe.html?psrid=ps-dns-5da78f27a6291f000d94b04b-3845707-11940898) over. Given our previous relationship with Sydney Tools (product support, equipment demos, donations) my preference is that we purchase the saw through them.

*In line with our [Code of Conduct](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=committee:code_of_conduct#integrity) a potential conflict of interest needs to be disclosed: Beau is currently employed by Sydney Tools.*

**Motion** (if required)

Purchase the DeWalt DWE7491-XE 2000W from Sydney Tools

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Ben      |
| Abstain     | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items (if required)

| Action Items | Who             |
|--------------|-----------------|
| Purchase saw | Joshua/Fletcher |
| Attain funds | Iain/Fletcher   |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 2022.01.22 16:30 pm, 6 weeks

Minutes: [Committee Meeting 2022.01.22](Committee Meeting 2022.01.22)

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
