---
title: Committee Meeting - 2021-02-15
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:13:57.657Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:39:47.458Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2021

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2021.01.10](Committee Meeting 2021.01.10)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting 2021.04.10](Committee Meeting 2021.04.10)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Iain, Beau, Fletcher, Vincent, Blake, Judith, Steve
-   Apologies: Scott
-   Absent: Lisa, Jason
-   Observing: Phoebe Harris
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 7:07 pm (PLANNED: 7:00pm)
-   Closed: 7:35 pm
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.01.10](Committee Meeting 2021.01.10)

Accept the previous meeting's minutes.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

-   none

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   St John WA Heart Grant (heavily discounted AED) approved. (see Infrastructure and Other Business)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   See other business

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   PROPERTY

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

\* TidyHQ grandfathered price applied (\$588), as well as \$100 credit.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   Big Red tube replacement ETA 2021-03-04 (\$1,565.57)

| Moved By    | Blake    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**Current Status**

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - Peter Pawlette
-   FULL - Damon Parry

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * REPORT

**Event Officer**

      * REPORT

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * REPORT

**Quartermasters**

      * REPORT

**Membership Officers**

      * REPORT

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Big Red tube on the way

**IT Subcommittee**

      * New website! - https://artifactory.org.au https://github.com/Perth-Artifactory/website
      * Now approved for Adwords ($10k/mo)
      * Wifi management back, can add new people to presence list. (poke Fletcher for access)

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * REPORT

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * REPORT

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * AED from the St John Heart Grant on the way (arrives at Fletcher's tomorrow)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) -
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) -
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) -

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) -
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) -

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) -
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) -

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) -
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) -
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) - none since last meeting (public holiday).

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) -
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) -

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### First-Aid training grant

Related to the AED, we have been given \$300 credit with which we can send people on CPR or full first-aid courses (\$50 and \$160 pp, respectively). This would be good to give to workshop organisers and frequent members that have not completed a first aid course in 3 years.

Fletcher's suggested breakdown: Knock \$60 off the price for five people.

**Motion** (if required)

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Appoint Events Officer

Phoebe has offered to step up as an [Events Officer](/committee/committeerulings#events_officer_s).

**Motion** (if required)

Appoint Phoebe-Jean Harris as an Events Officer.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Stever   |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items (if required)

| Action Items | Who              |
|--------------|------------------|
| Setup access | Fletcher/Vincent |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Banned member altercation

Following his membership application rejection and ban from the space Mathew Cass returned to the workshop on Wednesday January 13th. Fletcher and Amy were present at the time.

Fletcher in \#committee on the 13th:

    Asked to have a chat, told him that unfortunately we'd decided not to continue with his membership. He indicated that he might have stuff still in the space so I offered to let him come in and check. He walked into the machine made a phonecall (to steve I think?) and then came out
    From that point he started acting aggressively and took my photo. On his way out the door he ripped off the top sheet of the COVID sign in sheet because his details were on it. Because it included details of other visitors and members I offered to strike his name from the register but insisted that I would need the sheet back. He grew more aggressive and verbally abusive ("You'll be the first to die" etc) before getting in his car where his shouting continued.
    I retrieved the sign in sheet (with his name scratched out) and returned it to the lobby.

The police indicate that given his past record he is not likely to return to the space.

The following announcement was posted to Slack the next day along with a picture of Mathew.

    It's not often that we reject membership applications and even less often that we have to bar people from the space. However our priority is and always will be the safety of our members and attendees. This notice is being sent out as a precaution only.
    If you see Matthew Cass (license plate <removed>, more car details in the post replies) in the space or parked in the car park please contact one of these two people:
    Fletcher <removed>
    Iain <removed>
    Do not attempt to confront him yourself. If you believe your safety or the safety of others is at risk call 000 immediately.

No motion required

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: NNNN.NN.NN NN:NN am/pm, N weeks

Minutes: [Committee Meeting NNNN.NN.NN](Committee Meeting NNNN.NN.NN)

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
