---
title: 2021-05-26
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:14:23.473Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:40:27.081Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2021.05.26

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2021.05.22](Committee Meeting 2021.05.22)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting 2021.07.03](Committee Meeting 2021.07.03)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Iain, Beau, Fletcher, Vincent, Blake.
-   Apologies: Scott, Judith
-   Absent: Jason
-   Observing:
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 6:49 pm
-   Closed: 7:22 pm
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.05.22](Committee Meeting 2021.05.22)

Deferring until next meeting.

Most items of business are not being discussed this meeting. Meeting was called in short timeframe for items of 'other business' below.

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Member complaint

See discussion in Slack

Motion:

An ex-member\* has received two credible sexual harassment complaints. To protect other members and visitors, the following actions will be taken:

-   Bar the ex-member from entering the space or attending events.
-   Remove the ex-member from the Artifactory Slack server.
-   Bar the ex-member from becoming a member in the future.

\*Name anoynmised

To take effect immediately.

| Moved By    | Iain     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Slack    |
| Abstained   | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items (if required)

| Action Items              | Who     |
|---------------------------|---------|
| Inform the member (email) | Iain    |
| Slack                     | Vincent |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 2021.07.03 5:30 pm, 4.5 weeks

Minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.07.03](Committee Meeting 2021.07.03)

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
