---
title: 2021-04-10
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:14:07.170Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:40:02.018Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2021.04.10

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2021.02.15](Committee Meeting 2021.02.15)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting 2021.05.22](Committee Meeting 2021.05.22)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT - Iain, Beau, Vincent, Scott, Fletcher (electronic)
-   Apologies: Judith
-   Absent: Steve, Jason, Lisa, Blake
-   Observing: none
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 10:21 am
-   Closed: CLOSE
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.02.15](Committee Meeting 2021.02.15)

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Beau     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   Nothing of note
    -   Larger than usual number of queries about membership

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   INCIDENTS - Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

Not formally prepared:

-   Breaking even
    -   Despite increase in Insurance premium (\$400), payed this month.
-   Looking at fundrasing, inc. Bunnings Sausage sizzle

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   None

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**New Memberships for approval**

**\*Approve the following members**\*

-   CONCESSION - Matt Carlsen, Clinton West
-   FULL - Zane Meredith, Ankur Sharda, Bowen Plug, Aron Spencer, Glynn Jones

**\*Defer the following applications**\* Committee members are permitted to issue keys, however.

-   FULL - Egor Podoprigora, Gavin Coombes

| Moved By    | Beau     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Iain     |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * -

**Event Officer**

      * In the process of planning a LAN

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * A band lost their keys. RFID disabled, room key unknown

**Quartermasters**

      * -

**Membership Officers**

      * REPORT

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * Storage has been sorted out.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Big red and little red operating normally.
      * No major costs expected soon (Fresh tube for Big red)

**IT Subcommittee**

      * Nothing to report

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * -

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * -

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * Rear door now has a motor, ty Beau.
        * Very likely to be replaced entirely, as garage door installer co. has a 'seconds' door.
      * CAD room air-con needs a better draining solution (currently just a big bucket).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - Still happening
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - Still happening
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) -

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) - Early planning

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) -
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) -

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) -
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) -
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) -

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) -
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) -
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) -

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### COVID-19 Lockers

As part of our COVID-19 changes we allowed members to pause their membership with no penalty, this included not losing their storage space. It's time to end the storage space exemption.

**Motion**

Memberships put on pause due to COVID-19 no longer qualify for member storage lockers

*To take effect from 24/04/2021 (2 weeks)*

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Scott    |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items (if required)

| Action Items            | Who             |
|-------------------------|-----------------|
| Notify affected members | Fletcher / Beau |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Easing the learning curve for new committee members

Those people who become members of the Artifactory Management Committee for the first time face a steep learning curve. This learning curve has been made more difficult by things such as a reduced number of meetings and the requirement for notice of motions.

**Motion**

1\) The Artifactory Management Committee direct new members of the management committee to a wiki page of resources specifically designed for those new to the committee.

2\) This resource to be created and/or updated with feedback from the newest members of the committee.

3\) Appropriate changes to the bylaws (or the constitution if required) are proposed for the next committee meeting to ensure that: on the day of the AGM, after election, the new committee understands the requirement to direct itself to this resource.

*To take effect immediately, with:  
\* Changes to the bylaws (or proposed changes to the constitution) in place at least 60 days prior to the next AGM  
\* Responsibility for any work on changes to the wiki to be assigned to a committee member and noted as an action item*

| Moved By    | Iain     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items

| Action Items                                | Who      |
|---------------------------------------------|----------|
| To recommend changes to bylaws/constitution | Fletcher |
| To update wiki                              | Steve    |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Access/Communication for Officers and Subcommittees

The subcommittee system already requires that a Management Committee member be a member of each subcommittee, affording each sub-committee a communication channel with the Management Committee and vice versa.

In the past, Officer positions were drawn from the Committee, also facilitating communication.

We currently have an officer position (Promotions? Events?) that is not a Management Committee member. There has been some feedback from within the Management Committee that this has placed impediments on communication. It goes against our current practice to allow non-committee members access to the committee channel.

Can we discuss how committee discussions about Promotions/Events can best be communicated with the Officer in charge and to ensure that such communication does not go astray?

I will note that we have already implemented additional lists to account for the fact that both the Committee channel and the General channel can be fast moving and important points can be lost in the chatter. We also generally have channels dedicated to subcommittee work (although they are not labelled as subcommittee channels per se). Is it time to consider official "officer channels" to post material specific to official positions?

**Motion** Set up individual officer channels for all officers (or alternately, for all officers not part of the Management committee) with access limited to the Management Committee and Officers (or alternately with other/no restriction)

*To take effect immediately*

**Discussion** This problem has already been solved. Officers now have access to the renamed "past committee and officers" channel. Additionally, officers can direct-message committee members if they need to, and are recommended to do so.

| Moved By    | Not moved |
|-------------|-----------|
| Seconded By | \-        |
| Status      | Rejected  |

Action Items

| Action Items       | Who |
|--------------------|-----|
| To create channels |     |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Alternative to previous - Communication for Officers and Subcommittees - Artifactory Organisation Structure

Each Officer/Subcommittee head reports to a committee member (yes in some cases they will be reporting to themselves). It becomes the responsibility of that committee member to ensure that the rest of the committee is kept informed of decisions and communications - as per the REPORTS section in the meetings that we always skip over. For example Beau becomes Pheobes "boss" and while Phoebe can operate independently it would be expected that Beau checks in with her and keep her on track. I would also expect Beau to provide a detailed report of activities at each meeting. Org Chart here <https://imgur.com/a/dE7rUlg>

**Motion** Accept organisation structure and begin reporting flow immediately. Actually use the committee meeting to inform the committee of goings on

*To take effect immediately*

**Discussion** This system looks good, but the org chart will need to be revised.

| Moved By    | Scott    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | \-       |
| Status      | Deferred |

Action Items

| Action Items       | Who |
|--------------------|-----|
| To create channels |     |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 2021.05.22 10:00 am, 6 weeks

Minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.05.22](Committee Meeting 2021.05.22)

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
