---
title: 2021-05-22
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:14:16.967Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:40:14.354Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2021.05.22

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2021.04.10](Committee Meeting 2021.04.10)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting 2021.05.26](Committee Meeting 2021.05.26)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT - Iain, Fletcher, Vincent, Blake, Jason, Steve
-   Apologies: Judith, Beau, Scott
-   Absent: -
-   Observing: Phoebe
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Iain

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 10:07 (PLANNED: 10:00 am)
-   Closed: 10:47
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2020.04.10](Committee Meeting 2020.04.10)

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | MOVER             |
|-------------|-------------------|
| Seconded By | SECONDER          |
| Status      | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

    *

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   Member complaint

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   INCIDENTS -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   PROPERTY

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

\* Insurance paid, \$3,265.90 up from \$2,876.55 \* Synergy COVID credit has run out (as expected)

Balances as of 21/5/21:

| Account      | Amount      |
|--------------|-------------|
| Operations   | \$15,422.04 |
| Sale Program | \$112.05    |
| Donations    | \$2,455.16  |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

\* Deferred to next meeting

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * REPORT

**Event Officer**

      * Warhammer night - planning

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * Ticking along

**Quartermasters**

      * REPORT

**Membership Officers**

      * Nothing to report

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * Ocasional batch checks, courtesy of Beau and Fletcher

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

Partially sourced from our Trello [maintenance](https://trello.com/b/p5zZRzlq/maintenance?menu=filter&filter=label:Laser%20Subcommittee) and [upgrade](https://trello.com/b/Vurmsndm/upgrades-improvements?menu=filter&filter=label:Laser%20Subcommittee) boards. (filtered URLs)

      * The Big Red checklist needs to be reprinted, do we have the original file handy?
      * Middle Red needs a bed level

      * Automatic air control for Big Red is still in progress
      * Automatic compressor drain is still in progress, some of the required hardware is in the space now

-   Blake: Attendance low at laser maintenance. Will promote next one better. Thoughts on idea: have it as more of a monthly laser meetup. Learn about laser cutting, training in both cutting and maintenance. Help with CAD design? Presentation on a cool project of the month to give ppl inspiration? Just ideas.

**IT Subcommittee**

Partially sourced from our Trello [maintenance](https://trello.com/b/p5zZRzlq/maintenance?menu=filter&filter=label:IT%20Subcommittee) and [upgrade](https://trello.com/b/Vurmsndm/upgrades-improvements?menu=filter&filter=label:IT%20Subcommittee) boards. (filtered URLs)

      * The RIPE Atlas probe is offline, needs investigation (can now be actioned as a switch upgrade has taken place)
      * The Swarf controller is currently without ethernet, needs investigation
      * We've re-terminated some of the ethernet cables in the space that had lost their clips
      * Some of the older cameras had the wrong time stamp, issue fixed

      * Planning has begun for the camera monitor screens in the foyer and band room
      * A periodic backup of PCs used to control tools has been suggested
      * We're in a position to mass upgrade our VMs to 20.04
      * We've started mapping out a network overhaul
      * Security cameras are currently being upgraded ([[https://trello.com/c/YijaVaH2/5-camera-placements|relevant card]] not listed on the board linked above)
      * The core switch in the office was replaced (24 ports to 48 ports)
      * A switch has been added near the stage to make some events easier
      * We have a new version of Unifi Video running

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * Supanova is back on

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * REPORT

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

Partially sourced from our Trello [maintenance](https://trello.com/b/p5zZRzlq/maintenance?menu=filter&filter=label:Infrastructure%20Subcommittee) and [upgrade](https://trello.com/b/Vurmsndm/upgrades-improvements?menu=filter&filter=label:Infrastructure%20Subcommittee) boards. (filtered URLs) - not an exhaustive list, see Trello boards for details and pictures.

      * One of the lights in the machine room (the fluro over the drill bits etc) is broken, investigating
      * The emergency lights mounted near the stage aren't functional, investigating
      * The women's toilet has a failing seal, replacement purchased
      * The light above the back roller door isn't working and will require an electrician (been that way for years, just added to the new reporting system)
      * The machine room door hinge has been repaired
      * One of the lights in the Design Lab has been replaced

      * Working with IT on a number of upgrades (cameras, network etc)
      * Ethernet being run to the other side of the carpark, materials purchased
      * An upgrade to the bandroom lighting is in progress, currently working out issues with the control boards
      * The laser switch has been replaced with a larger switch above the machine room
      * Automatic lighting has been added above the front and rear doors
      * Some of the bathroom fittings have been replaced
      * The mountings for a screen near the mill have been drilled
      * The lighting in the machine room has been upgraded
      * One of the courtyard benches has been resurfaced
      * "Discard zones" have been marked (as discussed in slack a couple of months ago) - Stuff left on certain workbenches will be discarded before wednesday/saturday.
      * Creality DLP printer on loan from Fletcher
      * Anycubic Photon S on loan from Fletcher
      * Anycubic Photon S internals on loan from Fletcher (placed into Artifactory shell)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - No update provided
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) -
    -   Blake: Number of attendees is low. Can I have access to Facebook and Meetup and will try to promote more. Thinking about organising workshops as part of it - got a soldering one and ideas for led strip one. Limited free time however.
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) - No update provided

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) - Event ran, went well
-   Chess Knight (Coordinator: Stuart) - Didn't run

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Cosplay (Coordinator: Scott) -
-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - Ticking along
-   PikPI Cosplay Workshops (Coordinators: Hayleye**\#**) - Did not run

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - Went well
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) -
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Skot) - Event ran online due to COVID restrictions

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Ticking along
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) - Went well, ran the day lockdown ended. Lots of happy people.
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) - Uptick in attendance
-   Workshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Ticking along, working more with Inclusion WA. More carers seem to be taking an interest.

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Org Structure

Corresponding Trello card: <https://trello.com/c/19wjnRyo/3-org-structure>

A new proposed org structure following from the one accepted at the last meeting

![](https://trello-attachments.s3.amazonaws.com/607d3a966bc0f8454c4422d4/607f09b3b5a8f863703b84b6/04190a709105683b8ebadfcf3d972a52/orgchat_v0.2.PNG)

No motion required.

### By-Law Addition: Email accounts

Corresponding Trello card: <https://trello.com/c/C96mCviA/12-by-law-addition-email-accounts>

    The following people have the right to an artifactory.org.au email address unless otherwise motioned by the Management Committee:
      - Management committee members.
      - Members appointed to a named role by the management committee (Officers and sub-committee chairs).
      - Members who are required to speak on behalf of the association (as determined by the Secretary).

To take effect immediately

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Rebrand / Logo change

Corresponding Trello card: <https://trello.com/c/2EQ7CedW/13-rebrand>

![](https://space.artifactory.org.au/media/Artifactory_rebrand.png) <https://space.artifactory.org.au/media/Artifactory_rebrand.pdf>

Motion: Accept this as the new logo for the association.

| Moved By    | Blake    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Steve    |
| Status      | Accepted |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 2021.05.26 7:00 pm, 0.5 weeks

Minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.05.26](Committee Meeting 2021.05.26)

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
