---
title: Committee Meeting - 2021-08-28
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:14:50.434Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:41:04.815Z
---

# Committee Meeting 2021.08.28

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2021.08.07](Committee Meeting 2021.08.07)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting NNNN.NN.NN](Committee Meeting NNNN.NN.NN)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Fletcher, Vincent, Beau, Blake
-   Apologies: Judith
-   Absent: Ian, Jason, Scott
-   Observing:Phoebe Jean-Harris
-   Minute taker: Vincent
-   Chair: Beau

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 6:18pm (Planned: 6:00 pm)
-   Closed: 7:04pm
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2021.08.07](Committee Meeting 2021.08.07)

-   Fixed a formatting error (secretary).

| Moved By    | Vincent  |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

    *

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   Contacted by Youth Futures School
    -   Fletcher talking to the contact, seeing what sort of lesson plan can be done.
    -   May see about selling them a large amount of laser-suitable acrylic we have available.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Contacted by a group who want to use the space for meetups.
    -   Contact is Adrian Kougianos
    -   Project relates to a high-altitude space balloon.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   Working on a potential door solution.
-   CAD room ceiling seems to be cracking again

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   CHAIRPERSON

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

-   Credit card got skimmed
    -   Money returned by NAB, new card being issued.
    -   This is the reason TidyHQ hasn't been paid yet.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   No expenses for approval

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**Current Status**

Membership as at 2020-xx-xx:

-   X (+X / -X) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Band Memberships
-   X (+X / -X) Associate Memberships

**Cancelled Non-Payment**

Memberships to be cancelled for Non-Payment (+90 days due):

-   MEMBER_NAME

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - NAMES
-   FULL - Victor Grantham, Adrian Kougianos
-   BAND - NAMES

**Defer to next meeting**

-   FULL - Wally Mulik, Prasanna Suraweera (signed up today)

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Blake    |
| Status      | Accepted |

| Action Items             | Who  |
|--------------------------|------|
| Reach out to Wally Mulik | Beau |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**Event Officer**

      * Games workshop no longer answering messages. Event is dead in the water, most likely.

**Quartermaster**

      * Last bar restock was a donation
      * We now have a Costco membership
      * Steve's vending machine project is close to a working state
        * Has an extremely large capacity, which may remove the need for storing boxes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * All lasers operating normally.
      * Some improvements in the pipeline.
        * Looking to upgrade little red's PC.
        * Bruce Chambers is working on automatic air control for Big Red.

**IT Subcommittee**

      * A bot attack on the wiki occurred. No damage
        * Was already so new users must be approved before editing permitted.
        * Built-in captcha was active; did not stop attack.

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * Events are still dead.
      * Beau and Fletcher are exploring going to the Collector zone fair (Craigie Leisure centre).

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * Need more Students.

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * Built a very nice bench along the wall of the tool room.
      * Removed a dividing wall in the process.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   ADUG - (Coordinators: Richard Harrington, Scott Hollows**\#**) - Normal
-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - Normal (still low turnout).
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) - Normal

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - Should try to clear tables prior to the event, as Andrew cannot.

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - Normal
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) - Did not run
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) - Not yet

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Normal
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) - Not yet
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) - Did not run last wednesday (Normal coordinators not present).

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Schedule annual general meeting

The annual general meeting must take place by the 30th of September. 14 days notice must be given (21 if a special resolution is proposed).

**Motion** (if required) Hold the Annual General meeting at **1:00pm** on **18 September 2021** at the Perth Artifactory.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items (if required)

| Action Items                                               | Who      |
|------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| Send out email notice by the 4th                           | Vincent  |
| Send out Slack notice                                      | Vincent  |
| Explore reduction of members of management committee seats | Fletcher |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Code of Conduct

Review Blake's proposed code of conduct and vote on its adoption.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ic--0fEmPJUM25wtBJbKe4HDYntxijnzsR09Go7rHE0/edit#

**Motion** (if required)

Adopt the proposed code of conduct for the Perth Artifactory.

//To take effect from 28/08/2021 // (if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated.)

| Moved By    | Blake    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Flecther |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items (if required)

| Action Items                 | Who     |
|------------------------------|---------|
| Print and hang poster        | Blake   |
| Add wiki version as a page   | Blake   |
| Post on Slack @announcements | Blake   |
| Send out email               | Vincent |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### NeverNever conversion

Several members have requested a transfer and conversion of NeverNever to sponsored memberships

Transfer Peter Dreisiger's \$1000 NeverNever balance to Ben Connor, Steve Hodges, and Doug Bateman as a 2/1/1 split respectively.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

Transfer Ben Connor, Steve Hodges, and Doug Bateman's NeverNever balance to a Sponsored Membership fund to be utilised for memberships at the direction of the Management Committee or relevant group.

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items (if required)

| Action Items                    | Who      |
|---------------------------------|----------|
| Update NeverNever balances      | Fletcher |
| Notify affected balance holders | Fletcher |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## End of Meeting

The management committee does not intend to hold another meeting before the AGM.

By convention, the management committee will probably hold a short meeting just after the AGM.

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
