---
title: Committee Meeting - 2022-11-26
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-11-22T06:43:11.000Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-23T04:46:42.822Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2022-11-26

Previous meeting: [2022-10-22](/minutes/Committee/2022-10-22)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2022-11-26, 14:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT - Beau, Ben, Fletcher, Johannes, Joshua, Lewis, Phoebe-Jean, Vincent
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2022-10-22](/minutes/Committee/2022-10-22)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

| Action Items                                   | Who      | Status |
| ---------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ |
| Follow up with Jim Tuckwell.                   | Fletcher | STATUS |
| Contact prospective member - Christian.        | Fletcher | STATUS |

* Action item

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2022-10-28  | 2022-10-28     | Ratify the workshop and tool usage fees as per: [link](https://gist.github.com/FletcherAU/5a46200f38bad0064f2190f88a077480) | Passed |
| 2022-10-28  | 2022-10-28     | Appoint Renae Currie to the Infrastructure Subcommittee | Passed |

## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

## Incident Reports

* INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

### Expenses for Approval

* EXPENSES

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### IT Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Sponsored Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Stephen Price*, Nick, Damon) -

### Social

* Artifrag (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee, Damon) -

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -
* Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon*) -
* Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot, Stewbags*) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -

### Other

(new and once off events)

* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

* Once off board games evening - entrance fee $5 - entrance fee less than the Casual User rate requires approval as per the [Events and Workshops bylaw](/docs/policies/administration). [Approved](https://perthartifactory.slack.com/archives/G7CELHXT7/p1666837412557249) by Beau, JC, Fletcher, Lewis. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Space Balloon Auspicing

### P&N Helping &ands

* https://www.pnbank.com.au/about/community/helping-ands/
* Quarterly program for $1000 / $2000 grants, nominated by P&N customers
* Past recipients include multiple Men's Sheds, Perth Repair Cafe, Dismantle.
* [T&C's](https://www.pnbank.com.au/globalassets/documents/pdf/helping-ands/helping-ands-members-terms-and-conditions-groups.pdf): 

> 16. Featured Nominees must agree to participate and cooperate as required in all
> editorial activities relating to the contribution, including but not limited to being
> interviewed and photographed. Featured Nominees (and their representatives)
> must grant P&N Bank a perpetual and non-exclusive licence to use such footage
> and photographs in all media worldwide, including online social networking sites,
> and the Featured Nominee (and its representatives) will not be entitled to any fee
> for such use.
> 
> 17. As part of a nomination P&N Bank will request some basic information and a
> photo of the Nominee. These details and photograph will be displayed on the
> https://pnbank.com.au/about/community/helping-ands/ for members to view
> during the voting and for the general public to view once the contribution has
> been awarded. By providing this image to P&N Bank, the Applicant and Nominee
> grant their consent to the information and the photo being published on the
> website https://pnbank.com.au/about/community/helping-ands/

### Community Shed application

RE our application for deductible gift recipient (DGR) status as a Community Shed.

#### Progress

* Constitution being converted to more capable format (LaTeX) to make it possible to show changes in the document in a user-friendly way.
  * Thanks to #committee-secretariat for all the help with this conversion.
  * https://github.com/Perth-Artifactory/governance

**Three sets of changes will be proposed.**

 1. Community shed amendments
    * Purpose / objects of the association.
    * Open membership.
 2. Minor procedural amendments
    * Don't stop members from voting at AGM/SGM if they have outstanding invoices for pledges/donations.
    * Allow more use of Slack for committee business.
 3. Fixes
    * Renae and Lewis have each done a complete comparison between our constitution and the [Model Rules](https://www.commerce.wa.gov.au/consumer-protection/model-rules). Many typos. Many (unintentional) inconsistencies.

#### Discussion required

* How do we manage 24/7 access / issue of RFID keys.

* How do we put these changes to our members so that they are easy to understand, so the members can make an informed decision to accept / not accept the changes.

#### Work to be done

* Prepare "exposure draft" of constitution with all proposed amendments and explanations of each.

* Consultation period with members **before** finalising and setting a date for SGM.

* Suggest that the motion raised at the SGM should be simply "to accept the revised constitution with all changes" rather than accepting changes point by point.

* Make clear that the time for members to review the changes is **before** the SGM, not during. The SGM is simply to vote on the motion. Note 75% majority required (not 100%).

### SGM Scheduling

### Swap Secretary / Assistant Secretary

* Phoebe-Jean Harris to change position from Secretary to Deputy Secretary
* Lewis Yip to change position from Deputy Secretary to Secretary
* Constitutionally this procedure is handled under s37 (resignation) and s39 (filling casual vacancies).

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Appoint Phoebe-Jean Harris to Deputy Secretary. Appoint Lewis Yip to Secretary. Effective immediately. | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* Action items that will arise:
  * Onboard / offboard - logins, etc.

### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

* Next meeting: NNNN.NN.NN NN:NN, N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
