---
title: 2022-10-22
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-23T04:46:51.911Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:43:17.421Z
---

# Committee Meeting [2022.10.22](2022.10.22)

Previous meeting: [2022-09-17](/minutes/Committee/2022-09-17)

Next meeting: [2022-11-26](/minutes/Committee/2022-11-26)

Table of Contents on left side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: Beau, Ben, Fletcher, Joshua, Lewis, Vincent
* Apologies: Johannes, Phoebe-Jean
* Absent: None
* Observing: None
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: Beau

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 16:45
* Closed: 17:38

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2022-09-17](/minutes/Committee/2022-09-17), [2022-08-06](/minutes/Committee/2022-08-06)  


* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text             | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------------------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept previous minutes | Lewis       | Fletcher          | Accepted          |

## Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* Actions from post AGM meeting.
    * Refer to Trello.

## Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text                                                                                                 | Outcome                |
|-------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| 2022.08.07  | 2022.08.09     | Accept Thomas White's membership application                                                                | Passed                 |
| 2022.08.07  | 2022.08.09     | Accept Lance Giudice's membership application                                                               | Passed                 |
| 2022.08.08  | 2022.08.09     | Accept Kaye Lirio's membership application                                                                  | Passed                 |
| 2022.08.08  | 2022.08.09     | Accept Peter Crabbe's membership application                                                                | Passed                 |
| 2022.08.08  | 2022.08.09     | Accept Louise Stynes's membership application                                                               | Passed                 |
| 2022.08.14  | 2022.08.19     | Accept Renae Currie's membership application                                                                | Passed                 |
| 2022.08.18  | 2022.08.22     | Accept Ilke Dincer's sponsored membership application                                                       | Passed                 |
| 2022.08.28  | 2022.09.08     | Accept Jethro Van Kins's membership application                                                             | Passed                 |
| 2022.09.17  | 2022.09.19     | Reject Douglas Mc Mahon-Winter's membership application                                                     | Passed                 |
| 2022.09.17  | 2022.09.17     | Bar Douglas Mc Mahon-Winter from all communication platforms and premises operated by Perth Artifactory Inc | Passed                 |

## Correspondence

* Meeting with Curtin - CROC.
* Stuart McDonald - Still getting emails out of Associations Online.
    * Vincent has actioned.

## Incident Reports

* Nil to report.

## Property Report

* Nil to report.

## Chairperson's Report

* Nil to report. Business as usual.

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

* Rent has increased from $4,224 to $4,249.30 due to slight increase in variable outgoings.

### Expenses for Approval

* EXPENSES

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

This table has been generated from data stored in TidyHQ at: 2022-10-21 23:06:13.211488

| <1 | 1  | 2  | 3 | 4+ | 7+ | 11+ | 18+ | 23+ |
| -- | -- | -- | - | -- | -- | --- | --- | --- |
| 44 | 21 | 13 | 3 | 8  | 9  | 7   | 8   | 6   |

---
Invoices due 7+ days ago

| Name                         | #  |
| ---------------------------- | -- |
| errin matsumoto              | 23 |
| Jim tuckwell (Jim)           | 19 |
| Matthew Cirillo              | 4  |
| Troy Green                   | 3  |
| Aron Spencer (Az)            | 3  |
| Peter Thomson                | 2  |
| Ben Dwyer                    | 2  |
| Narelle Fouche (Ladybug)     | 2  |
| Kaye Lirio                   | 2  |
| Christian Pinkerton (Barney) | 2  |
| Barry Marshall (barjammar)   | 1  |
| Aaron Kim (w12ard)           | 1  |
| Justin Richards (ornea)      | 1  |
| Glenn Martin (glenn)         | 1  |
| Michelle Stacy               | 1  |
| Damon Perry (Damon)          | 1  |
| Glynn Jones (Glynn)          | 1  |
| Alasdair Penman              | 1  |
| Louise Stynes                | 1  |
| Vincent Dalstra (Vincent)    | 1  |
| Joshua Rospondek (spondy)    | 1  |
| Beau Scott                   | 1  |
| Dave Madgwick                | 1  |

---

Invoices due 74+ days ago

| Name                       | #  |
| -------------------------- | -- |
| errin matsumoto            | 21 |
| Jim tuckwell (Jim)         | 16 |
| Barry Marshall (barjammar) | 1  |
| Troy Green                 | 1  |
| Aaron Kim (w12ard)         | 1  |
| Aron Spencer (Az)          | 1  |

---

* Have heard back from Jim Tuckwell. Still wishes to be a member.
    * Fletcher following up.

* Errin no contact. Still using the space sporadically.
    * Cancel membership.

* Account balances:
  * Operations: + $8,173.97
  * Sale program: + $112.05
  * Donations: + $3,235.16

## Membership Report

### Current Status

This table has been generated from data stored in TidyHQ. It was retrieved at: 2022-10-21 23:06:02.462590

| Membership                                   | #  | %   |
| -------------------------------------------- | -- | --- |
| Full Membership - Monthly Subscription       | 35 | 54% |
| Concession Membership - Monthly Subscription | 24 | 37% |
| Band Membership - Monthly Subscription       | 2  | 3%  |
| Concession Membership - Annual Subscription  | 1  | 2%  |
| Full Membership - Annual Subscription        | 1  | 2%  |
| The Ambassador!                              | 1  | 2%  |
| Sponsored Student Membership                 | 1  | 2%  |
| Visitor                                      | 0  | 0%  |
| Resident Artist ï¿½ NoizeMaschin!!             | 0  | 0%  |
| Full Membership - Quarterly Subscription     | 0  | 0%  |
| Total                                        | 65 |

### New Memberships for approval

This table has been generated from data stored in TidyHQ. It only includes contacts with memberships not marked as expired. It was retrieved at: 2022-10-21 23:05:22.896459

| Name                         | Status                                                    | Level                                        |
| ---------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| Christian Pinkerton (Barney) | Active membership and has not had membership approved yet | Full Membership - Monthly Subscription       |
| Branden Ross                 | Active membership but no membership groups                | Concession Membership - Monthly Subscription |



| Motion Text                                                    | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept membership application for Branden                      | Fletcher    | Ben               | Accepted          |
| Accept membership application for Christian Pinkerton (Barney) |             |                   | Deferred          |
| Accept membership application for Thierry Karl Gelinas         | Fletcher    | Ben               | Accepted          |
| Accept membership application for Alexandra Pare               | Fletcher    | Ben               | Accepted          |

Action

* Contact Christian - Fletcher.

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### IT Officer

* Position vacant, see IT subcommittee

### Event Officer

* No report provided

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* Result of meeting of rehearsal room coordinators and stakeholders this afternoon:
  * Cabling aquired to run AF owned PA ($135). Funds came out of amp sale.
  * Trialing new PA setup (ELFA) which Martin is happy with. It's loud, and is using the Q speakers.
  * Resetting the room to bare so all bands bring their gear in/out. Inline with standard rehearsal room practices elsewhere.
  * Triangle fight drum kit getting moved soon
  * Loaner amp (AF amps for people to use) storage moving to under the music desk in the electronics lab

### Quartermasters

* Stocking is going okay but we've dropped our/Fletcher's Costco membership. Does anyone else have one we could use? It's primarily used for chocolate.
* Johannes happy to help out
* Look into online ordering to replace Costco.

### Membership Officers

* Online voting has drastically smoothed out the membership application process

### Membership Storage Officer

Locker utilisation. This table has been generated from data stored in TidyHQ. It was retrieved at: 2022-10-21 23:05:44.327936

| Type            | #  | %   |
| --------------- | -- | --- |
| Active members  | 38 | 68% |
| Expired members | 11 | 20% |
| Blank           | 7  | 12% |
| Total           | 56 |

* 11 expired member lockers to be dealt with.
* 7 empty lockers so not urgent.
* Locker assignment has moved from wiki to TidyHQ.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Turnout to maintenance nights fairly consistent
* Minor calibration issues with Big Red being investigated
* Crowdfunded a UV filter to hopefully reduce the workload of chiller maintenance on Middle Red
    * Installed.
* No significant emergency expenditure predicted at this time
* Big Red - Back corner dropping remains an issue.

### IT Subcommittee

* Trialing Teleport as a replacement for Userify.
  * Feedback so far has been overwhelmingly positive.
  * Github SSO potentially incoming to smooth onboarding.
* Github project/permissions audit complete. A bunch of old projects have been archived etc
* Trialing wiki.js as a replacement for Dokuwiki
  * Wiki structure is getting cleaned up as a result (partially done)
  * Slack SSO enabled
  * Backend syncs to a Github repo
  * We're automating a bunch of reports that should magically appear on this page. UPDATE: it worked :o
* New door control project is making a lot of progress
  * Supports direct sync from TidyHQ (including sounds)
  * Supports both 125khz and 13.56mhz access (Smart riders, gym tags etc)
* SIP trunk provisioned ($10/mo)
  * Our side isn't working yet
  * Should let us receive voicemails etc to Slack
  * Provides consistant number across committees
  * Masked outgoing calls

### Promotions Subcommittee

* No report provided.

### Sponsored Memberships Panel

* No report provided.

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Vending machine project has made progress
  * Steve has handed the project over to Peter. Major electronics are largely done and we're at the control interface stage.
  * Most of the work is happening during Arduino U.
  * Server side integration for TidyHQ mostly done. Invoicing still to come. Will need to decide with the committee what that will look like.
* Assisting rehearsal room coordinators with speaker/PA mounting to clean up room a bit.
* Rear lights/shade sails need work.
* Compressor needs work
  * Needs water drain installed, integrated, tested.
  * Need to find leaks.
* 3D printer - Mono X is back up - new FEP, new screen, 2 screen protectors, Kapton tape installed.
  
## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Event turnout has been good. We've also seen an uptick in new attendees. (Fletcher)
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Stephen Price*, Nick, Damon) - One instance of the event was scheduled but did not have a host. JC ended up having to ask the sole attendee to leave when he (JC) did. (Fletcher)

### Social

* Artifrag (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Solid turnout (11?), next one scheduled for next month.
* Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee, Damon) - Quiet

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) - Andrew reported damage to a workbench (by an unknown person not associated with the event). Somewhat repaired (Fletcher)

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) - Ran, no issues reported. Next event scheduled with Hugh as a helper (Nathan won't be here)
* Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon*) - Did not run
  * Doesn't typically run. Remove from template.
* Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot, Stewbags*) - Did not run

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Turnout varies week to week, more volunteers would be nice. (Fletcher)
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Unpredictably busy/quiet, more volunteers would be nice. (Fletcher)
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) - It's been going okay. We probably don't have the numbers we'd ultimately like but what we do have is people coming in and working on their own projects. We've also attracted a few regulars which makes running the event easier.

### Other

(new and once off events)

* Artifactory conference thing (Coordinator: Stewart) - Planned event to give people an opportunity to present a project for 10 minutes and have a group discussion/question session for 20 minutes afterwards. Planned date is 11 December or 18 December. Stewart/Fletcher approaching some people to present. + potential open call. Discussing in #events-and-promotions
  * Date to be discussed - consider likely turnout.

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Curtin Robotics Club (CRoC)

Fletcher has met with reps from CRoC at Curtin and the workshop. General consensus is CRoC would be open to sponsorship opportunities that involve us running occasional workshops, hosting occasional events, and providing some level of sponsored memberships as competition prizes. In exchange we get a significant increase in awareness at Curtin + potential source for new members. They're coming up to their exam period and their committee changes over with the calendar year so further discussions and ironing out specific details are on hold for the moment.

Would be helpful if we delegated authority to come to an agreement with CRoC to a couple of committee members so that final discussions can take place. (within reason) Will suggest the same to them.

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 2022-11-26, 14:00.

Minutes: [2022-11-26](/minutes/Committee/2022-11-26)

## Action Summary

| Action Items                                   | Who      |
| ---------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Follow up with Jim Tuckwell.                   | Fletcher |
| Contact prospective member - Christian.        | Fletcher |
