---
title: 2022-09-17 - Post AGM
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-22T05:01:47.015Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:43:08.010Z
---

# COMMITTEE MEETING 2022.09.17 - POST AGM

# Agenda

1.  Elect office bearers
2.  Reaffirm Subcommittees
3.  Review Previous Meeting's Minutes
4.  Review Previous Meeting's Action Items
5.  Other Business

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: Beau Scott, Fletcher Boyd, Lewis Yip, Johannes Chuah, Vincent Dalstra, Ben Conner, Joshua Rospondek, Phoebe-Jean Harris
-   Apologies: nil
-   Absent: nil
-   Observing: nil
-   Minute taker: Phoebe-Jean Harris
-   Chair: Beau Scott

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 1400
-   Closed: 1417
-   Next meeting: 2022/10/22 Time: 1600

# Elect office bearers

[How to do it](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=constitution#election_of_office_bearers)

* **Chair** - Beau Scott
* **Dep Chair** - Vincent Dalstra
* **Treasurer** - Ben Conner
* **Secretary** - Phoebe Harris
* **Dep Treasurer** (informal role)-Fletcher Boyd
* **Dep Secretary** (informal role)-Lewis Yip

# Reaffirm Subcommittees

Subcommittee Bylaw rule 6F - At the first Committee Meeting after the AGM or SGM all subcommittees will be dissolved unless reaffirmed by the management committee **subject to membership including a committee member**

List of which committee Member(s) is on which Subcommittee

* **IT** - Vincent Dalstra, Fletcher Boyd
* **Infrastructure** - Beau Scott, Joshua Rospondek, Fletcher Boyd, Ben Conner
* **Lasers** - Fletcher Boyd
* **Promotions** - Phoebe Harris, Johannes Chuah
* **Sponsored Memberships** - Beau Scott, Ben Conner

Reaffirm IT, Infrastructure, Laser, Promotions, and Sponsored Membership Subcommittees.

| Moved By    | Beau Scott    |
|-------------|---------------|
| Seconded By | Fletcher Boyd |
| Status      | Accepted      |

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   No discussion initiated/needed.

| Moved By    | Johannes Chuah |
|-------------|----------------|
| Seconded By | Beau Scott     |
| Status      | Accepted       |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

Defer review on action items until next meeting???????????

-   No action items.

## Other Business

This needs to be done - It may take months!

Change Passwords/codes/access to committee stuff and things etc etc etc. **Who**

* Google Group/Facebook/Slack/Google Suite/Safe/The many IT thingys/TidyHQ
* Safe - Treasurer
* IT - Fletcher, Vincent
* Social Media - Phoebe (Not changed)

## Next Meeting

Date: 2022/10/22 Time: 1600
