---
title: 2022-04-09
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:15:42.919Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:42:19.630Z
---

# Committee Meeting [2022.04.09](2022.04.09)

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2022.02.26](Committee Meeting 2022.02.26)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting 2022.05.07](Committee Meeting 2022.05.07)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT - Beau, Ben, Fletcher, Jason, JC, Phoebe-Jean, Vincent
-   Apologies: Joshua
-   Absent: Iain
-   Observing: NAMES
-   Minute taker: Phoebe
-   Chair: Beau

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 4.40
-   Closed: 6.17
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2022.02.26](Committee Meeting 2022.02.26)

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Jason    |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

    *

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   Business as usual

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   Business as usual

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Assistant Treasurer's Report

Report attached: <embed src="/committee/assistant_treasurers_report_april_2022.pdf" class="align-center" />

-   Looked through and about half our 'members' were reliably paying their membership fees.
-   At current membership levels, our income is approximately \$850 lower than our expenses.
-   Some suggestions are included on ways to improve our recurring income and financial hygiene
-   Moving away from TidyHQ to a better alternative will help, as it makes things unnecessarily difficult.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   No expenses

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**New Memberships for approval**

-   FULL - Michelle Stacy, Daniel Mews, Aaron Kim

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * Business as usual

**Event Officer**

      * Nothing to report

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * Business as usual

**Quartermasters**

      * Business as usual

**Membership Officers**

      * Business as usual

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * Freeing up some lockers soon

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Lasers has been affected by the compressor outage, otherwise progressing as normal.

**IT Subcommittee**

      * Incoming server migration/shutdown that should reduce power requirements.

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * Fletcher exploring potential silicon workshop

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * Needs more promotion
      * Needs new members

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * See below for compressor issues.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - Business as usual
-   Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**) - Didn't run

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Iain) - Didn't run
-   Boardgame Night (Coordinator: Phoebe) - Didn't run

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) -Business as usual

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) - Not running due to COVID concerns of the host
-   Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon) - Didn't run
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Skot) - Online

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Fairly active, with visitors but need more volunteers.
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Ran well, need more volunteers. Had a visit from several people belonging to the Perth Engineering meetup group.
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) - Only really running when another event is scheduled for the same night. (laser maintenance etc)
-   Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) - Ran well. Good crossover with other groups in the space (electronics in particular)

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Equipment sale

**Action**

Authorise the sale of the following items with a reserve determined by at least two committee members. Effort should be made to offer sale of items to members first.

-   Triton tablesaw (including saw) - We have purchased a better alternative
-   Very large vacuum pump - This pump is too large to be practical in our workshop
-   Welding supplies not suitable for our welders - We have no use for these supplies
-   Coffee machines stored in the office - We don't appear to have the volunteers interested in this endeavour
-   1x Mini mill - We have three of these mills and with the current loan to the space of the large turret mill they see **no** use
-   Desktop CNC router - This tool is not in an operable state and we do not have the volunteers interested in this endeavour

| Moved By    | Beau     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Ben      |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items

| Action Items           | Who            |
|------------------------|----------------|
| Set reserves           | Beau           |
| Offer items to members | Ben            |
| Sell items             | Ben and Daniel |

### Compressor purchase

Our primary compressor has failed and minimum estimated repair costs to get it back to it's previous state of running poorly exceed \$300 excluding professional and non-professional labour.

-   A professional compressor is required to keep up with the airflow requirements of the workshop. In particular Big Red and our pneumatic tools. (\~10CFM/\~280L/m) minimum)
-   Compressor technology has come a long way since our current compressor was manufactured. We can get comparable free air delivery without purchasing a 3 phase compressor.
-   The current situation has demonstrated that we likely do not have the volunteer hours required to maintain an industrial second hand compressor
-   A comparison of compressors from several Perth based distributors has been compiled [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1y5giJBasB_S5ADAEQzrsGRRIwmQ9J77g1yk-EPK-8vk/edit#gid=0)
-   We are not in a financial position where we can ignore the benefit of fundraising a compressor.
-   The Fendi F3050L is in stock, meets our airflow requirements and ranks highly in a \$/L comparison

**Motion**

Authorise the fundraising and purchase of the Fendi F3050L or similar alternative

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Ben      |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items

| Action Items                         | Who                         |
|--------------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| Setup fundraising goal via PledgeBot | Fletcher                    |
| Purchase and set up compressor       | Infrastructure subcommittee |

### By-law Addition: Online voting

    ## Asynchronous online-only motions

    A committee member may raise a motion for consideration by the Management Committee outside of a convened meeting. 

    * The technical manner in which the motion is raised and voted on is determined by the current elected Chairperson
      * Motions must be equally available to all committee members. (eg, a shared Slack channel)
      * Voting cannot be anonymous
    * These motions will only pass if every member of the Management Committee either votes Aye or abstains
      * Abstaining from voting on a motion raised under this bylaw is an active process. Not responding to a raised motion is not considered abstaining.
      * A single Nay vote will be considered a veto and the motion may not be raised again for 72 hours unless done so at a convened meeting of the Management Committee
    * If a meeting of the Management Committee is convened all outstanding motions raised under this by-law automatically fail
    * Details regarding any motions raised under this bylaw must be noted in the next regularly scheduled meeting of the Management Committee

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Finance migration proposal

With the recent price hike for TidyHQ I believe we're getting ripped off on subscription costs and transaction fees.

**Motion**

Authorise Fletcher to explore bookkeeping/member management alternatives and enter into month-to-month agreements with potential suppliers. (At no cost to the association) The expectation is that a report on alternatives will be presented at a future committee meeting.

| Moved By    | Beau     |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Vincent  |
| Status      | Accepted |

Action Items

| Action Items             | Who      |
|--------------------------|----------|
| Investigate alternatives | Fletcher |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 2022.05.07 04:30 pm, 4 weeks

Minutes: [Committee Meeting 2022.05.07](Committee Meeting 2022.05.07)

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
