---
title: 2022-02-26
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T12:15:33.392Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:42:07.192Z
---

# Committee Meeting [2022.02.26](2022.02.26)

Previous meeting:[Committee Meeting 2022.01.22](Committee Meeting 2022.01.22)

Next meeting: [Committee Meeting NNNN.NN.NN](Committee Meeting NNNN.NN.NN)

Table of Contents on right side of page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT - Beau, Fletcher, Jason, Ben, JC, Spondy
-   Apologies: Iain, Vincent, Phoebe
-   Absent: Nil
-   Observing: Nil
-   Minute taker: Fletcher
-   Chair: Beau

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 1645
-   Closed: 1729
-   Next meeting: See end of minutes

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [Committee Meeting 2022.01.22](Committee Meeting 2022.01.22)

-   DISCUSSION

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | JC       |
| Status      | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

**ACTIONS**

-   Make contact with member regarding unsafe actions in the space - Done by fletcher
-   No movement on space club auspice, no event planning received.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Correspondence

-   Insurance renewal query, details sent to broker.
-   Jez has resigned

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Incident Reports

-   Guitar fell off band room wall - hooks replaced today by JC

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Property Report

-   None

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Chairperson's Report

-   We should review some bar pricing as expenses have gone up.
    -   Cost of soft drink has gone up, cost needs to go up to \$2 at least to stay viable
-   Overall cleanliness of the space has gone down, bins full of ants and overflowing.
    -   Busy bee required

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

| Account    | 26/02/22    |
|------------|-------------|
| Operations | \$9,449.48  |
| Sale       | \$112.05    |
| Donations  | \$2,890.16  |
| Total      | \$12,451.69 |

\* Insurance coming up (\~\$3k) \* Meetup renewed (\~\$150/6m) \* Maintenance costs and bar restock continue to be donated \* NAB being difficult about changing bank sigs as usual \* NAB still don't know why Osko doesn't work

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Expenses for Approval

-   None

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Membership Report

**Current Status**

Membership as at 2020-xx-xx:

-   X (+X / -X) Full Members (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Concession Memberships (Monthly+Annual);
-   X (+X / -X) Band Memberships
-   X (+X / -X) Associate Memberships

**New Memberships for approval**

-   CONCESSION - Ian Haggard
-   DEFER - Aaron Kim (full)

| Moved By    | Fletcher |
|-------------|----------|
| Seconded By | Beau     |
| Status      | Accepted |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

**IT Officer**

      * No change

**Event Officer**

      * REPORT

**Rehearsal Room Coordinators**

      * Difficult to move around in room due to amount of equipment, some items removed
      * Not all items have known owners
      * Agreement was that backline equipment left in the room is free for use. Experience from Spondy's band is that parts of the backline are often missing. This leads to the room being very difficult to use for other bands.
      * We need to decide whether the band room will have a backline or not, the hybrid system we're using now isn't working. Consultation with existing bands needs to happen.

**Quartermasters**

      * Difficult to stock due to supply shortages

**Membership Officers**

      * No report

**Membership Storage Officer**

      * No report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

**Laser Subcommittee**

      * Issue with middle/little chiller, swapped out with cold spare for middle red.
      * Big Red air broken, fixed within 12 hours of report

**IT Subcommittee**

      * Issue with the front door, error when adding a key caused the door to go offline.
      * Fletcher borrowed a projector

**Promotions Subcommittee**

      * Collectors Fair 27/2 cancelled, tables have been rolled forward to the May event.
      * Better preparation required for events going forward. 
        * Trello has some brainstormed ideas

**Sponsored Memberships Panel**

      * Two applications to review
        * Both want to make guitars, we probably don't have the volunteers for this

**Infrastructure Subcommittee**

      * Typical repairs, nothing out of the ordinary

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

**\#** Denotes run by non-members

**Tech**

-   Arduino U - (Coordinators: Hugh, Doug) - Running as usual, A couple of extra volunteers present
-   <s>Open Source Hackers (Coordinators: Stephen Price**\#**)</s>
-   Space Club - (Coordinator: Adrian) - Business as usual

**Games**

-   ARTIfrag (Coordinator: Phoebe, Fletcher, Blake) - Moved online and started MC server, went well

**Cosplay and Craft**

-   Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft) - business as usual

**Music**

-   DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits**\#**) -
-   <s>Mostly Modular Synth (Coordinators: Hugh, Jon)</s> -
-   Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart, Tim, Jean-Michel, Skot) - Offsite during fringe?

**General**

-   General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Switching to scheduled training, more volunteers would be helpful -Fletcher
-   Open Day (Coordinator: Steve Hodges) - Reasonable busy, more volunteers would be helpful -Fletcher
-   Wine & Design (Coordinator: Committee) - Difficult to run with Phoebe/Vincent out of action

**Other** (new and once off events)

-   OTHER Events

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

No business added

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

-   Next meeting: 2022.04.09 16:30, 6 weeks

Minutes: [Committee Meeting 2022.04.09](Committee Meeting 2022.04.09)

## Action Summary

-   LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
