---
title: "2023-04-01"
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-07-16T07:39:52.550Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-03-25T10:47:43.508Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-04-01

Previous meeting: [2023-03-11](/minutes/Committee/2023-03-11)

Next meeting: [2023-05-27](/minutes/Committee/2023-05-27)

Scheduled start: 2023-04-01, 15:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Beau Scott
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Lewis Yip
    * Phoebe-Jean Harris
* Apologies:
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Renae Currie
    * Vincent Dalstra
    * Joshua Rospondek
* Absent:
    * Ben Connor
* Observing:
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: Beau

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 1515hrs
* Closed: 1615hrs

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2023-03-11](/minutes/Committee/2023-03-11)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Endorse previous meeting's minutes | Fletcher       | Beau          | Passed |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

| Action | Who | Status |
| ====== | === | ------ |
| Implement storage bylaws | Lewis | Deferred, see below |
| Restock first aid cabinet | ??? | No progress |
| Fire / emergency lightning compliance | JC | Contractor engaged |
| Reflect change of office holders to AssociationsOnline and ACNC | Lewis | Done |
| Update change of office holders to wiki | Lewis | Done |
| Update TidyHQ treasurer role | Lewis | Done |
| Do constitution update paperwork | Lewis | Done 2023-03-30 |
| First draft of workshop/general induction | Lewis | No progress |
| Identify tools which need safety signage | Ben, Fletcher | In progress |
| Implement incident reporting backend using Trello | Fletcher | In progress |
| Follow up with commercial works enquiry | Ben | Follow up with Ben - **ACTION** |

* Action item

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2023-03-12  | 2023-03-30     | MOTION: Accept Ewan MacLeod's full membership application | Passed. 9 in favour, none opposed, no abstentions. |

## Correspondence

* New constitution has been submitted to DMIRS (Form 05) on 2023-03-30.
  * Auto-acknowledgement email advises a processing time currently ~ 30 days. Which would be 29th April.
  * We must await DMIRS approval before the new constitution takes effect.
  * Thank you to all who helped finalise the document - the help is appreciated.

## Incident Reports

* Mitre saw - broken 2023-04-01 - Damon
  * Going hard on a piece of Jarrah (required to get through it without burning) and work grabbed, work impacted into the fence
  * Metal fence broken (shattered)
  * Replace with Bosch mitre saw for now
  * Possible corrective actions - investigate blade to see if blade sharpness contributed - blade has never been changed

## Property Report

* Drainage - currently OK - continue to monitor going into wet season.
* Working with City of Stirling to deal with stray cats.

## Chairperson's Report

* Business as usual

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

### Expenses for Approval

* Lewis - $48.80 - Submission of Form 05 to DMIRS for constitution change.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve reimbursement of expenses noted above. | Beau       | Fletcher          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

Darren Lewis - awaiting further information regarding their application - awaiting reply.

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### IT Officer

* See IT subcommittee.

### Event Officer

* Business as usual.

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* Business as usual.
* No notes from JC or Spondy.

### Quartermasters

* Business as usual.

### Membership Officers

* Business as usual.
* QueryBot is helping reply to new member enquiries efficiently.

### Membership Storage Officer

* Business as usual.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Tracking longer term maintenance and improvement projects on Trello.
* Internet connected hours run meter for Big Red.
* Big Red tube lens air purge.

### IT Subcommittee

* QueryBot is a new Artifactory specific integration of ChatGPT into our Slack.
  * GitHub: **ADD LINK**
  * Needs to be supervised to ensures answers are actually true
  * Promises to make replying to common enquiries much more efficient

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Business as usual.

### Associate Memberships Panel

* Business as usual.

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Coffee machine dismantled and cleaned up
* Courtyard cleanup continues
* Phoebe looking into sourcing some stainless steel kitchen counters

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Going well
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Stephen Price*, Nick, Damon) - No report

### Social

* Artifrag (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Did not run
* Talk Shop Wednesday (Coordinator: Committee, Damon) - Business as usual

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) - Business as usual

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) - Did not run.
* NoizeMaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot, Stewbags*) - Did not run.

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Going well
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Going well - many people through. Enough volunteers. Prepare a primer for important points to hit during the walkaround.
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) - Going well
* Board Game Night (Coordinator: Lewis) -
  * Ran - 12 attendees!
  * Good member attendance from members who were already in the space working on projects
  * One lady's first time in the space
  * Move to daytime to capitalise on members already in the space. Book rehearsal room. **ACTION**

### Other

Renae:

> Suggestion for activating the space during off peak times:
> Consider reduced rate for group workshops during weekday daytimes (excluding school holidays?)
> Separate lower rate for use of premises only? (No access to tools etc).
> The advantage to us would be increased exposure of people to the space, as well as some additional income from times the space is under-utilised.

Discussion among those present:
* Use case - alternate venue with other aligned groups who need a venue after losing theirs.
* We can handle reduced rate for group activities on a event by event basis.
* We don't need to restrict tool use.
* Maybe publicise that we can negotiate lower event rates than $15.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Workshop inductions and signage

* Fletcher has spun up a new system for preparing presentations based on wiki pages.
  * Seems to work well.
  * Fletcher has prepared a new induction presentation for Big Red.
* Fletcher has prepared new Big Red signage.
* Lewis reports that he has not progressed workshop induction.
* Update on general tool signage refresh?

### Bylaws

* Haven't finalised / implemented these yet. Will be convenient to introduce all pending bylaw changes when new constitution comes in.

  * [testing/drafts/storage](/testing/drafts/storage)
    * This is ready to go into service (previously approved by online motion)
    * RE recent discussions (projects left in the space), did we want to clarify the "three days" rule for projects left in the project area? E.g. "3 days from start" or "3 days at a time"?
    * **DECISION:** Draft a revision to address 3 days clarifications. Point people to consult committee before starting a project that will run afoul of the rules.
    
  * [testing/drafts/rehearsal_room](/testing/drafts/rehearsal_room)
    * Requires final polish and attention from rehearsal room coordinators.
    * **ACTION: (Who?)**
    
  * [testing/drafts/subcommittees](/testing/drafts/subcommittees)
    * Already notified and has already taken effect as of 31 Jan 2023.
    * Need to supercede current page at [/docs/policies/subcommittees](/docs/policies/subcommittees).
    
  * [classes-of-membership](/testing/drafts/classes-of-membership)
    * I think we were mostly happy with this, needs final polish and approval.
    * **ACTION: (Who?)**


### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| Follow up Form 05 revised constitution submission to DMIRS if no response by 29th April | Lewis |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

* Next meeting: 2023-05-20, 13:00 6 weeks

Minutes: [2023-05-20](/minutes/Committee/2023-05-27)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES