---
title: 2023-07-22
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-11-15T17:55:19.203Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-07-02T01:03:43.370Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-07-22

Previous meeting: [2023-06-24](/minutes/Committee/2023-06-24)

Next meeting: [2023-08-19](/minutes/Committee/2023-08-19)

Scheduled start: 2023-07-22, 14:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Beau Scott
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Phoebe-Jean Harris
    * Renae Currie
    * Vincent Dalstra
* Apologies: Nil
* Absent:
    * Ben Connor
* Observing: Nil
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: Beau

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 14:18
* Closed: 15:40

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2023-06-24](/minutes/Committee/2023-06-24)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept previous meeting minutes. | Beau       | Spondy          | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* Get update on the Dino situation
  * Fletcher - have contact details for the owner of the Dino, haven't made contact yet.
* Restock the first aid kit
  * Beau - yet to be actioned - new supplies to be bought.

* Action item

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2023-06-28  | 2023-06-29     | MOTION: Accept Full Membership application for Anthony Parrella | Passed: 7 ayes, 2 abstentions |
| 2023-07-03  | 2023-07-04     | MOTION: Set fees for tool training as per the draft currently at https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/training-fees, taking effect immediately. | Passed: unanimously |
| 2023-07-03  | 2023-07-04     | MOTION: Set fees for laser cutter job cutting as per the draft currently at https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/laser-fees, taking effect immediately. | Passed: unanimously |
| 2023-07-10 | 2023-07-17      | Approve Full Membership application for Craig Bond | Lapsed: not all committee members participated. |

## Correspondence

* ATO DGR application in progress, response expected next week.

## Incident Reports

* Subwoofer used as part of bluetooth speaker system fell from design lab roof

## Property Report

* Business as usual.

* Extinguisher inspection still required

## Chairperson's Report

* Business as usual.

## Treasurer's Report

* EFTPOS terminal has been replaced at NAB's expense due to changing backend connectivity (3G going away?)

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

### Expenses for Approval

* Nil

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Full Membership application for Craig Bond | Lewis       | Beau          | Accepted |



## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### IT Officer

* See IT Subcommittee

### Event Officer

* Business as usual

* Invited to Kaiga Anime Convention - potential to revive cosplay activities in the space
  * Is there any board game content?
  * Potential to sell D&D tiles.
  * Phoebe to investigate.

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* Business as usual
* Band room is being left in reasonable condition.
* Quiet Wednesdays extended to cover Talkshop Wednesday

### Quartermasters

* Bar restock continues as usual.

### Membership Officers

* Business as usual.

### Membership Storage Officer

* Several storage spots on the pallet rack cleared.

* Sheet storage audit is due.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Laser training costs for casual attendees has reduced the demand for laser training. Too soon to tell if this is a good thing but I suspect we've merely removed the people that didn't intend to stick around anyway.
* Potential fault with Big Red's controller, laser maintainers will likely investigate next week.
  * Upgrade/replacement likely $500 (same controller as Middle Red)
  * Little Red's controller isn't a viable option unless Big Red's is actually dead, has its own issues.

### IT Subcommittee

* Loomio trial in progress, see other business
* Three touch screen eboards donated to the space, one has been mounted in the foyer. We may be getting two slightly larger ones so holding off on mounting the other two until we know more since it affects placement. Proposed locations (not ordered based on priority:
  * ~~Foyer~~ - For pictures
  * Design Lab - For meetings
  * Over Big Red - To cast to when watching the laser
  * Project area trolley - For classes
  * Social area - For social events/winding down
* Teleport now has GPT support
* Last of the kinks are being worked out with the storage auth system. Should be ready for unabashed public consumption soon
* Network switch above the design lab has died, short term replacement is in place but isn't very power efficient (old and oversized)
  * This switch is pretty vital for the space to function
  * Project camera is back online
* Our email handling policies have changed slightly to hopefully reduce spam

### Promotions Subcommittee

* See Kaigo-con above.

### Associate Memberships Panel

* Business as usual.

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* An elevated work platform has been donated to the space in a non-working condition. The unit has been repaired and is now operational.
  * Working reach (at least for Fletcher) up to 3.9m
  * Need to investigate potential sale price, cost/benefit.
* The workshop lights are now network controllable which was the last item on the workshop automation todo list. Loockup procedure is now:
  * Check shed is locked
  * Check back door is locked
  * Check back roller door is down
  * Check that front roller door is locked
  * Check that welding bay is off
  * Press "Leaving" on the kiosk
  * Shut the front door

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Largely business as usual. Car work in the front bay presented an access issue for attendees.
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Stephen Price*, Nick, Damon) - At least one event host present for most recent event, they've nominated Niall as an additional keyholder. (We have not yet issued a key)

### Social

* Artifrag (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Did not run
* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Phoebe) - First time asking attendees to help cover food costs worked well. ~15 at the event.
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - Ran, 4 attendees. Attendees were also interested in the workshop generally.

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) - Business as usual. (Classes have been run during school holidays)

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) - Appears to be business as usual
* NoizeMaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot, Stewbags*) - Did not run

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Business as usual.
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Fairly busy, volunteer numbers appear to be adequate.
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) - Ran, business as usual.
* Woodworking for Women (Coordinator: Renae) - Business as usual.

### Other

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Loomio trial

We have an opportunity to change how we make decisions. The current process is either discussions are had ad hoc in #committee, raised as motions in #committee-important or raised at a committee meeting. While this is an easy process for committee members to participate in it's somewhat difficult to administer and has an upper limit on votes.

The way I see it we have a few requirements for deliberation and decision making:

#### Onboarding

* Current system: Does not require any specific onboarding beyond Slack
* Loomio: Participants can sign in with their AF Google account (can be expanded to any google account later)

#### Usability

It needs to understandable and usable by people without a high degree of technical skill

* Current system: Relatively easy to understand what you need to do in order to vote. Slight barrier to understanding how to raise motions. Difficult to see at a glance if there's anything you've missed.
* Loomio: Seems to all be a pretty clean UI? How has everyone else found it so far?

Discussion:

* No issues raised.

#### Committee handover/Institutional knowledge survivability

* Current system: Search minutes for minuted decision, navigate to slack channels to find discussion surrounding it if not present in minutes
* Loomio: Search loomio for decision. or Search minutes for decision, click on link to loomio discussion

#### Administrative burden

Whatever system we use should reduce the administrative burden placed on volunteers where possible

* Current system: Cannot be easily automated since we don't control the voting bot within slack
* Loomio: Has an API, some types of votes could be automatically started. Unsure as to whether we can automate the addition of information to discussions. Automatic vote closing is a feature.

#### Financial viability

* Current system: Free, limited to 100 (?) votes per month. We ran into this limit last month with the application catchup
* Loomio: Self hosted either:
  * locally - negligible cost, potentially $5/mo if I can't get certain things working
  * on Azure - silly expensive if we were paying for the credits but Microsoft is giving us those for free.
  * Loomio managed - $10/mo An option if all of our IT people get hit by a bus. Export file from self hosted instance, send file to Loomio, continue business as usual.

---

#### Decisions

We can configure permissions within Loomio in a few different ways, these are some decisions that need to be made:

##### Who can sign up and see the main group + open subgroups

* Consensus - Main group and subgroups to be visible to the general public.
* Note active moderation is needed.

> | Option | Technical difficulty | Pros | Cons |
> | ------ | -------------------- | ---- | ---- |
> | Open to anyone | A couple of hours (Set up SSO, post places) | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members and those that leave after this decision has been made (based on TidyHQ email) | ~8 hours (Set up SSO, write new member tidyhq connector, post places) | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members (based on TidyHQ email) | ~10 hours, occasional admin (Set up SSO, write new member tidyhq connector, write resignation connector, monitor for edge cases, post places) | Pros | Cons |
> | Some combination of the above but only advertised via Slack | As above | Pros | Cons |
> | Active and past volunteers (invite only) | A couple of hours setup, occasional admin (Set up SSO, invite, monitor for deactivations) | Pros | Cons |
> | Active volunteers (invite only) | A couple of hours setup, occasional admin (Set up SSO, invite) > | Pros | Cons |
> | Subcommittee+ | A couple of hours setup, occasional admin (Set up SSO, invite) | Pros | Cons |
> | Committee only | Already complete, admin once per year (committee changeover) (Set up SSO, invite) | Pros | Cons |

##### Who can participate in discussions in the main group + open subgroups (comment)

* Consensus - Main group and subgroups open for discussion by the general public.
* Note active moderation is needed.

> | Option | Technical difficulty | Pros | Cons |
> | ------ | -------------------- | ---- | ---- |
> | Open to anyone | No added difficulty | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members and those that leave after this decision has been made (based on TidyHQ email) | Same difficulty as invite if lighter registration restrction | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members (based on TidyHQ email) | Same difficulty as invite if lighter registration restrction | Pros | Cons |
> | Some combination of the above but only advertised via Slack | Same difficulty as invite if lighter registration restrction | Pros | Cons |
> | Active and past volunteers (invite only) | Occasional admin to adjust groups | Pros | Cons |
> | Active volunteers (invite only) | Occasional admin to adjust groups | Pros | Cons |
> | Subcommittee+ | Occasional admin to adjust groups | Pros | Cons |
> | Committee only | Admin once per year (committee changeover) | Pros | Cons |

##### Who can vote in discussions in the main group + open subgroups (invited to vote)

* Consensus - Main group and subgroup votes open to the general public.
* Active moderation needed.

> | Option | Pros | Cons |
> | ------ | ---- | ---- |
> | Open to anyone | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members and those that leave after this decision has been made (based on TidyHQ email) | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members (based on TidyHQ email) | Pros | Cons |
> | Some combination of the above but only advertised via Slack | Pros | Cons |
> | Active and past volunteers (invite only) | Pros | Cons |
> | Active volunteers (invite only) | Pros | Cons |
> | Subcommittee+ | Pros | Cons |
> | Relevant Subcommittee+ | Pros | Cons |
> | Committee only | Pros | Cons |

##### What should ONLY be in the management committee subgroup

* Consensus: the below items -
  * Membership approvals
  * Key approvals
  * Funding approvals
  * Anything that relates to a specific person.
  * Any other matter, at committee member's discretion.

##### Who should be able to see resolved Management Committee threads

* Consensus: At committee discretion.

> | Option | Technical difficulty | Pros | Cons |
> | ------ | -------------------- | ---- | ---- |
> | Open to anyone | Slight admin to move threads once resolved (assuming this was selected above) | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members and those that leave after this decision has been made (based on TidyHQ email) | Slight admin to move threads once resolved (assuming this was selected above) | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members (based on TidyHQ email) | Slight admin to move threads once resolved (assuming this was selected above) | Pros | Cons |
> | Active and past volunteers (invite only) | Slight admin to move threads once resolved (assuming this was selected above) | Pros | Cons |
> | Active volunteers (invite only) | Slight admin to move threads once resolved (assuming this was selected above) | Pros | Cons |
> | Subcommittee+ | Slight admin to move threads once resolved (assuming this was selected above) | Pros | Cons |
> | Committee only | None | Pros | Cons |

##### Who should be able to see in progress Management Committee threads

* Consensus: Committee only.

> | Option | Pros | Cons |
> | ------ | ---- | ---- |
> | Open to anyone | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members and those that leave after this decision has been made (based on TidyHQ email) | Pros | Cons |
> | Open to current members (based on TidyHQ email) | Pros | Cons |
> | Some combination of the above but only advertised via Slack | Pros | Cons |
> | Active and past volunteers (invite only) | Pros | Cons |
> | Active volunteers (invite only) | Pros | Cons |
> | Subcommittee+ | Pros | Cons |
> | Committee only | Pros | Cons |

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Adopt Loomio as the primary method for online committee decision making and deliberation. To take effect immediately. | Fletcher       | Phoebe          | Accepted |
| Adopt the permission structure selected above. To take effect immediately. | Lewis       | Pheobe          | Accepted |

### Sheet storage changes

Want to move to a system where every member have specified slot(s) in the sheet storage racks.

Proposal to be fleshed out online and proposed - **Renae to draft**.

### New event: Work on the workshop

Last discussed in [January](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/minutes/Committee/2023-01-07#other)

To run on the last Saturday of the month. (i.e. the Saturday before each Open Day.)

Brings in people who don't have their own project.

Event to be run by the Infrastructure subcommittee.

Infrastructure subcommittee to decide focus topics/activities for each event beforehand.

ACTIONS - write a description - JC. Note proposed event time is this coming Saturday.

Add to socials, advertise on slack.

### Commercial waste disposal provider

Instant waste has upped their price to $83.60/pickup (Current price is $76.01 as per Aug 2022)
City of Stirling quoted $85/pickup, minimum one pickup per month

We typically do 1-2 pickups per month.

Instant Waste:

* ✅ Bookings are entirely ad hoc and suit our sporadic use case
* ✅ Now has online bookings
* ❌ The wheels on the bin are fucked (skip isn't movable) and Instant Waste have previously shown zero inclination to fix the issue when reported.

CoS:

* ✅ Potentially more stable pricing since local government?
* ✅ Prices locked in for 12 months minimum (no contract)
* ❌ System seems to work on a "set frequency of pickup and alter by talking to staff as needed" rather than bookings
* ❌ No idea if we can get the same rate with Instant Waste again if we decide to swap back

Thoughts:
* Is recycling cheaper? - no - general recycling costs about the same.

Action: Investigate JJ Richards - Beau has a contact.

Action: Renae to ask Instant Waste to fix skip bin wheels.

Defer decision until we have more info or it becomes urgent.


### By-law update: classes of membership and storage bylaws

[Loomio: Revision to the classes of membership and the storage bylaws](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/D6vUFAmL/revision-to-the-classes-of-membership-and-the-storage-bylaws)

#### Action items

Action - close out remaining issues after the meeting.

### By-law update: online motions

~~Draft: https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/online-motions-mark-ii~~

> The draft bylaw has now been moved to its permanent location at [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions).
{.is-info}

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| To accept the online motions by law revision, effective immediately. | Fletcher       | Renae          | Accepted |

#### Action items

Lewis to update wiki.

Lewis to draft further revision for delegation of absentees.

### By-laws: Hazardous Waste

[Loomio: Hazardous waste disposal policy](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/97yr1a52/hazardous-waste-disposal-policy)

[Draft hazardous waste by-law](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/hazardous-waste)

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the proposed hazardous waste disposal policy effective today. | Fletcher       | JC          | Accepted |

#### Action items

Lewis to update wiki and inform community.

### By-laws: Automotive projects

[Loomio: Automotive projects bylaws](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/rP563uHl/automotive-projects-bylaws)

[Draft automotive projects bylaws](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/automotive-projects)

Debate here about appropriate rules for keeping walkways clear and the interaction with member use of the front area of the space.

Bylaw needs some more work. Beau and JC to further work on this.

#### Action items

Beau and JC to work on automotive projects bylaws.

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

* Next meeting: 2023-08-19, 13:00 N weeks

Minutes: [2023-08-19](/minutes/Committee/2023-08-19)

## Action Summary

| Who | What | Status |
| --- | ---- | ------ |
| Phoebe | Investigate if it would worth while for the Artifactory to attend Kaiga Con. | |
| Renae | Draft amendments to storage bylaw regarding allocated slots for sheet material storage. | |
| JC | Write a description for the new Work On The Workshop event. | |
| Fletcher | Publicise new Work On The Workshop event on calendar, social media, Slack. | |
| Beau | Advise Fletcher of contact for JJ Richards waste disposal. | |
| Renae | Contact Instant Waste RE fixing skip bin wheels. | |
| Lewis | Close out remaining issues and commentary on Classes of Membership and Storage bylaws. | |
| Lewis | Update wiki regarding online motion by-law. |
| Lewis | Draft further revisions to online motion by-law regarding handling of absences. | |
| Beau and JC | Further develop by-laws for working on automotive projects. | |