---
title: 2023-05-20
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-11-15T17:53:30.865Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-04-02T01:02:09.022Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-05-20

Previous meeting: [2023-04-01](/minutes/Committee/2023-04-01)

Next meeting: [2023-06-24](/minutes/Committee/2023-06-24)

Scheduled start: 2023-05-20, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Beau Scott
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
* Apologies:
    * Johannes Chuah
* Absent:
    * Phoebe-Jean Harris
    * Vincent Dalstra
* Observing:
    * None
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: Beau

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 1315hrs
* Closed: 1345hrs

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2023-04-01](/minutes/Committee/2023-04-01)

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept previous meeting's minutes | Fletcher       | Beau          | Passed |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items


| Action Items                                   | Who  | Status |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- | ------ |
| Follow up Form 05 revised constitution submission to DMIRS if no response by 29th April | Lewis | Done |

### Review Online Motions

None since last meeting

## Correspondence

* DMIRS contacted - update on rules update submission - department is running 30 days behind.

## Incident Reports

* Milling vise damaged not reported - member is replacing damaged jaws - member cautioned that all damage to tools must be reported as per Code of Conduct.

## Property Report

* Nothing to report

## Chairperson's Report

* Business as usual

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

* Operations: $2,670.20
* Sale program: $112.05
* Sponsored student memberships: $3,445.16

$8.5k in outstanding invoices

Currently sending recovery/collection emails.

Expecting 3.5k rates rebate in October

* Finance audit needed in order to get the rates rebate from City of Sitrling for DGRs.
* Audit needed to apply for other grants anyway.

### Expenses for Approval

* Nil

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

* To be processed by online motions

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### IT Officer

* Business as usual

### Event Officer

* Reach out to Supanova
  * Iain / Jason?

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* Fairly clean, tidy up is adequate

### Quartermasters

* Ben has done some restocking
* Fletcher will grab drinks / chips from supermarket next time they're on special

### Membership Officers

* Processes like inductions / storage allocation are running as usual

### Membership Storage Officer

* Need to do storage audit

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* No major laser costs anticipated
* Business as usual

### IT Subcommittee

* Space Automation is happening - kiosk now controls most of the light and power in the space

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Reach out to Supanova

### Associate Memberships Panel

* Nothing to report

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Ozito orbital sander has died
* Bosch orbital sander needs replacement velcro pad
* Metal bandsaw needs a new blade
* Big air compressor - currently held up due to cost of air fittings
* Got donated a bunch of paint from Taubmans - paint some walls white.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
  * Contact from Arduino Pro
  * Otherwise business as usual
  * Talk from Arduino Pro this Wednesday. Voice control through Arduino.
    * Need to do some promotion for this.
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Stephen Price*, Nick, Damon) -
  * Business as usual (???)
  * Have taken over PLUG's Meetup

### Social

* Artifrag (Coordinator: Fletcher) - 
  * Did not run
* Talk Shop Wednesday (Coordinator: Committee, Damon) -
  * Last Talk Shop Wednesday 2023-05-31
  * Damon departs shortly thereafter.
  * Need to find a new host or else cancel the event.

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -
  * On hiatus indefinitely

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -
  * Has run twice - lots of people - business as usual.
* NoizeMaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot, Stewbags*) -
  * Did not run

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
  * Volunteer level OK
  * Running well due to nice weather
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
  * Very busy at the moment
  * Visitor conversions to members are OK
  * Reduce friction to signup - capture people with short attention spans - offer incentives
  * Followup event on a Sunday "2nd visit" - workshop inductions, laser training, etc.
  * Gym membership type strategies - sell 4 coupons for casual users for $50 - nonrefundable
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
  * Business as usual
  * Attendance varies but generally OK

### Other

(new and once off events)

* Board Games
  * Running OK in daytime slot - attendance reasonable

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

No other business

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who      |
| ---------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Contact Iain / Jason re Supanova               | Fletcher |
| Process online motions                         | Lewis    |




## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

* Next meeting: 2023-06-24, 14:00 6 weeks

Minutes: [2023-06-24](/minutes/Committee/2023-06-24)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
