---
title: 2023-11-25
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-11-26T04:48:20.114Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-11-15T17:36:01.919Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-11-25

Previous meeting: [2023-10-21](/minutes/Committee/2023-10-21)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2023-11-25, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Beau Scott
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Lewis Yip
    * Tegan Murphy
    * Joshua Rospondek
* Apologies:
    * Renae Currie
    * Ben Connor
* Absent: 
* Observing:
    * Nil
* Minute taker:
    * Tegan Murphy
* Chair: 
    * Beau Scott

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 1.02pm
* Closed: 1.45pm

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2023-10-21](/minutes/Committee/2023-10-21)

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the minutes of the previous meeting held 2023-10-21 | JC       | Beau          | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* Fire equipment compliance (6 monthly) outstanding.
  * Action on Fletcher to look at pricing to do the course.
  * Result: $375, multiple openings each week. Given test frequency payoff expected ~2 years.
  
* Roof leak above electronics lab.
  * Action: Beau to get silicone to fix roof leak.
  * Beau still to buy silicone. Will update at next meeting.

* Revision to the Classes of Membership and the Storage Bylaws
  * Action: Fletcher to go through Loomio thread to pick out remaining issues.
  * Result: See other business

* Automotive project bylaws
  * Action: JC will begin drafting bylaw for van fitouts.
  * Started. In final stages. Getting consultation from members affected.

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2023-10-21  | 2023-10-28     | [Motion: Adopt the Automotive projects bylaw as written](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/p/kjVX7wUv/motion-adopt-the-automotive-projects-bylaw-as-written) | Passed: 7 in favour, 1 did not participate |

## Correspondence

* DMIRS
  * Change of constitution approved effective 2023-11-08.
  * Action on Lewis to update constitution on website, ACNC.
  
* Australian Business Register (ABR)
  * Fletcher - Registration reclaimed and up to date. Exec as contacts but should be added to post AGM todo.
  * Lewis - Added as part of committee onboarding / offboarding checklist on Trello.
 
* ATO
  * Application for deductible gift recipient (DGR) endorsement approved on 2023-11-16. :tada: :star: :fireworks:
  * Effective date 2023-08-29.
  
* PCBWay sponsorship opportunity
  * JC - info and logos received. need to make PCB's and cost postage. In development stage continuing.
  * ACTION: Sponsor section on the website


## Incident Reports

* None to discuss

## Property Report

* BAU

## Chairperson's Report

Thanks again to all the members who assisted in getting our DGR status across the line. Your dedication to the space is what makes the Artifactory great.

## Treasurer's Report

Balance looking good due to some annual payments coming in

Thanks to JC for following up overdue invoices.

Insurance due soon, so don't spend the money

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

| Account                       | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $4925.90
| Sale Program                  | $112.05 |
| Sponsored Student Memberships | $2515.16 |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $7,553.11 |

### Expenses for Approval

Nil.

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status


### New Memberships for approval

| Motion Text                                                         | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Full Membership application for Christopher Lau		      | Beau       | Lewis         | Accepted|
| Approve Full Membership application for Jack Maher			      | Beau       | Lewis          | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership application for Troy Marchant		  | Beau       | Lewis          | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership application for Kimberley Neilsen	  | Beau       | Lewis          | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership application for Don Yeh			      | Beau       | Lewis          | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

  * BAU


### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

  * BAU

### Quartermasters

* Restocking continues as normal. Price of beer has risen a touch ($60 per 24 for larger cans) but nothing unexpected. 

### Membership Officer

* Business as usual, welcome email has been drastically updated.

### Membership Storage Officer

* Storage requests are being met in a timely fashion.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Training is being delivered in a timely fashion
* Looking to move maintenance nights back to Monday. Too much overlap between this and the newer social nights leading to lower participation.

### IT Subcommittee

* Largely business as usual. Home Assistant expanding again soon.
* Prioritised getting the design lab aircon control more robust.
* We need a sponsor section on the new site.

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * Stirling Farmers Market. Made approx., $150. From a monetary standpoint this may be a worthwhile quarterly activity.

### Associate Memberships Panel

* BAU
 

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Beau - over the Xmas break, assess the Electronics Lab roof and assess the necessary repairs for actioning.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart)
  - BAU
  
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon)
  - 3 in attendance when Fletcher dropped by

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae)
  - Running swimmingly
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis)
  - Last two have been really good.
  - Event goes great when multiple Artifactory members are present.

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*)
  - Did not run (not school holidays)

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*)
  - Ran, tables were left out after the event. 
  ACTION: reach out to advise state space should be left in.

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
  - BAU

* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
  - A touch quiet but productive.
  - Volunteer levels okay for now.

* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
  - Lewis: Quiet sometimes but busy others.
  - Kamil advertised a TIG welding tutorial session which was very well attended.
  
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae) - 
  - Quiet this month

* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher)
  - Did not run
  
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis)
  - Did not run last month or this month - standard General Hacking Day ran as usual

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### DGR gift guidelines for members

Draft: https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/donating

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Adopt the donation advice as presented | Lewis       | JC          | Accepted |

* Action: Lewis to finalise DGR gift guidelines on wiki, and notify to membership

### NDIS policy

Draft: https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/ndis

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Adopt the NDIS policy as presented | Beau       | Fletcher          | Accepted |

* Action: Lewis to finalise NDIS policy on wiki

### Membership class changes

Draft: https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/classes-of-membership

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Adopt the updated membership classes as presented | Tegan       | Beau          | Accepted |

* Action: Lewis to finalise membership class changes on wiki, and notify to membership

### Storage policy changes

Draft: https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/storage

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Adopt the storage by-law as presented | Lewis       | Beau         | Accepted |

* Action: Lewis to finalise storage byu law changes on wiki, and notify to membership


### Status of outstanding membership dues review

* Initial emails send by JC.
* Complex responses to be reviewed by Membership Officer.
* Unresponsive members shall be dealt with in accordance with our policies.

* Action: JC to update register of responses and work with Fletcher to finalise complex responses / unresponsive members.

### Stage area and equipment

Fletcher has talked to SKoT about winding up the stage.
* Truss: We'll take down, SKoT to arrange transport
* Lights: Going with SKoT (bar the moving one Tom is working on)
* Speakers: We're welcome to the working ones, SKoT will pitch in for disposal of the non working ones
* Computer: Going with SKoT
* Projector: Going with SKoT
* DMX Controller: Going with SKoT
* Mixer + ipad: Going with SKoT
* Amps: We're welcome to the ones we have a practical use for. (Rehearsal room)
* Stage: We'll dismantle
* Wall Carpet: To be discussed


## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: 2024-01-20, 13:00 8 weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* Lewis - Update constitution at website, ACNC
* (Who?) - Sponsor section on the website
* Beau - Over the Xmas break, assess the Electronics Lab roof and assess the necessary repairs for actioning.
* Lewis to finalise DGR gift guidelines on wiki, and notify to membership
* Lewis to finalise NDIS policy on wiki
* Lewis to finalise membership class changes on wiki, and notify to membership
* Lewis to finalise storage byu law changes on wiki, and notify to membership
* JC to update register of responses and work with Fletcher to finalise complex responses / unresponsive members.