---
title: 2023-02-04
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-07-17T06:58:29.096Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-02-04T06:45:51.875Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-02-04

Previous meeting: [2023-01-07](/minutes/Committee/2023-01-07)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2023-02-04, 15:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Beau Scott
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Phoebe-Jean Harris
    * Vincent Dalstra
* Apologies:
    * Renae Currie
    * Ben Connor
* Absent: Nil
* Observing: Nil
* Minute taker: Lewis Yip
* Chair: Fletcher Boyd

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 15:10
* Closed: 16:05

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2023-01-07](/minutes/Committee/2023-01-07)

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept previous meeting minutes | Fletcher       | JC          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items


| Action Items                                   | Who  | Status |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- | ------ | ------ |
| Raise online motion for Space Balloon auspicing | Fletcher   | Lapsed |
| Start negotiating tool agreements for existing loans | Infrastructure Subcommittee | Ongoing |
| Submit ACNC report by 2023-01-31 | Vincent | Done |
| Send message to Christian Pinkerton (Barney) to reject membership application. | | No action |
| Process Mohamed Ali's membership (approved) | | Done |
| Rename Talk and Design, publish new events across Google Calendar, Facebook, Meetup | JC | Ongoing |
| Address members not getting invoices due to not being part of invoicing groups. (See #committee_bank) | Fletcher | Done, continue to monitor. |
| Action expired members to remove their property | | Ongoing |
| Set up new board game night events on Google Calendar, Facebook, Meetup. | Lewis | Done |
| Obtain big packets of snacks for Board Game Nights | | Ongoing |
| Return comments on draft constitution to secretary by 2023-01-14 | Interested committee members | Done |
| Implement revised subcommittees bylaw on wiki; notify to affected subcommittees | Lewis | Done |



Further online discussion required re:

* Fire / emergency lighting maintenance
    * Still required
* Encouraging members to clean up / report things that need cleaning up.
    * There is now a reporting form
* 24/7 key holder amendments - Renee to lead
    * Amendments complete, to be announced to members
* Inductions, member access control/logging - referred to Infrastructure subcommittee - new slack channel #infra_inductions
    * Ongoing
* Storage bylaw - review proposed changes and make any comments required
     * ACTION: Check status after meeting
* Equipment loan agreements - infrastructure subcommittee - ongoing
     * Ongoing
* Wiki / website improvements
     * Ongoing

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2023-01-07  | 2023-01-09     | MOTION: Approve Michael Thompson's membership application | Passed unanimously |
| 2023-01-08 | 2023-01-09 | Update the RFID Keys for Members by-law and remove references to 24/7 keys in all membership classes as per https://github.com/Perth-Artifactory/wiki/pull/12/files | Passed unanimously |
| 2023-01-11 | 2023-01-11 | MOTION: Endorse the appointment of Bruce Chambers to the Lasers Subcommittee. | Passed unanimously |
| 2023-01-13 | 2023-01-13 | MOTION: Accept Graham Bowman's membership application | Passed - 7 ayes, 2 abstentions |
| 2023-01-14 | 2023-01-17 | MOTION: Appoint Lewis Yip to the Laser Subcommittee | Passed - 8 ayes, 1 abstention (Lewis abstained) |


## Correspondence

* Curtin First Robotics - discuss further below

## Incident Reports

* Nil

## Property Report

* Nil
* Fire / emergency signage compliance - still required

## Chairperson's Report

* Congratulations to Beau on his new arrival.

## Treasurer's Report

* Treasurer was an apology for this meeting.

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

### Expenses for Approval

* Nil

### Due invoices

* Nil

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

Nil

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### IT Officer

* N/A

### Event Officer

* JC and Fletcher have been handling rehearsal room interactions with other events. Seems to be going well.

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* A bit messy. Stuff on the floor.

* Room doesn't get reset to clean and tidy state

* General clutter and debris

* Leave vacuum cleaner in there?

ACTION: JC and Spondy to inspect the room after this meeting

### Quartermasters

* Business as usual

### Membership Officers

* Business as usual
* Membership is staying fairly steady
* Some people have moved from full members to concession.

### Membership Storage Officer

* Business as usual

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Bruce Chambers and Lewis Yip appointed to the subcommittee.

### IT Subcommittee

* Business as usual
* Azure migration continues
* Light control relays in progress
* Air con control in progress

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Business as usual

* Curtin robotics business ongoing

### Associate Memberships Panel

* Business as usual

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Compressor
    * ACTION: Make pressure vessel safe FLETCHER
* Power supply for the lights

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Business as usual - band room interactions resolved

* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Stephen Price*, Nick, Damon) - Still seems to be going

### Social

* Artifrag (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Didn't run
* Talk & Design (Coordinator: Committee, Damon) - now called Talk Shop Wednesday.
    * ACTION: JC to add event to Facebook.
    * ACTION: Lewis will show JC how to edit the event on Meetup.

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) - Business as usual. Andrew intends to retire from this middle of year.

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) - Business as usual
* Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot, Stewbags*) - Didn't run

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Business as usual
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Busy - good! More volunteers would be useful.
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) - Business as usual

### Other

(new and once off events)

* Board games night - Ran.
    * Ran
    * Moved future events from 2nd sat in a month to 3rd sat in a month
    * Heat is an issue. Hold in band room next time.
    
* ACTION: Lewis to be issued a new band room key.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

* The following were raised as emergency business.
* There were no objections to this.

### Feedback from constitution

Comment period closed.

Some comments recieved on Slack.

No official comments recieved via email.

Proceeding to send out SGM notice shortly for originally agreed date. 2023-03-04 (4th of March 2023)

ACTION: Fletcher to review draft SGM notice prior to sending.

ACTION: Review provisions for people to attend online.

### Locker B01 mystery contents

RE the materials that were found in a member's locker that did not belong to the member.

ACTION: Cache materials in case they are claimed. 3 months or next storage audit.

Follow up with relevant member regarding how the intitial discovery was handled. Code of conduct implications. Talk in person and then follow up with written notice.

ACTION: Next committee member to see the relevant member to discuss the incident with them. Follow up a written notice. Potentially see the member at SGM.

### Curtin First Robotics competition

Harry C was in today at open day to discuss.

We are assisting with immediate machining needs in the next couple of weeks to assist with meeting a deadline.

Requested to provide sponsored memberships for mentors to do machining / fabrication during the year.

Requested to facilitate some of the students to come through the space under supervision from mentors.

Estimated maximum 10 mentors.

Mentors are all students.

Write off tool usage fees where there is no direct cost to the Artifactory.

Total value of sponsored memberships (10 members for the year) would be about $5,400.

We would get exposure of our logo on the same level as Curtin and Altronics. On shirts, etc.

All legal and compliance aspects of having minors in the space need to be handled by the mentors.

Stipulate that sponsored memberships cannot be used for commercial gain e.g. making stuff for Etsy.

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| To authorise Fletcher to extend 10 sponsored memberships to Curtin First Robotics mentors for 1 year, to a value of $5,400. | Lewis       | JC          | Passed |

### Curtin Robotics Club

Curtin Robotics is currently sorting out what they want to do for the year.

Curtin Robotics is open to all Curtin students.

Sponsorship terms should include stipulations that sponsored memberships and tool usage fee concessions will only extend to Curtin Robotics Club (CRoC) related usage of the space, not general Curtin usage.

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| To authorise Fletcher to extend up to $3,000 worth of sponsored memberships and other concessions, such as tool usage fees and event fees, to Curtin Robotics Club. This to come out of the sponsored memberships fund. | Lewis       | JC          | Passed |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

* Next meeting: 2023-03-11, 15:00 5 weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| Check status of storage bylaw amendments | Lewis |
| Inspect rehearsal room after meeting | Spondy, JC |
| Make air compressor pressure vessel safe | Fletcher |
| Add Talk Shop Wednesday event to Facebook | JC |
| Show JC how to edit Talkshop Wednesday event on Meetup | Lewis |
| Issue replacement band room key to Lewis | Lewis |
| Review draft notice of SGM | Fletcher |
| Review provisions for online attendance at SGM | Fletcher |
| Cache materials from Locker B01 in pallet racking for 3 months or until next storage audit | Committee |
| Next committee member to see the relevant member to discuss the incident with them. Follow up a written notice. Potentially see the member at SGM. | Committee |
