---
title: 2023-11-18
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-11-18T04:14:15.394Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-11-18T04:14:15.394Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-11-18

Previous meeting: [2023-10-21](/minutes/Committee/2023-10-21)

Next meeting: [2023-11-25](/minutes/Committee/2023-11-25)

Scheduled start: 2023-11-18, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting of Perth Artifactory Inc. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Beau Scott
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### NAB verification

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

NAB needs specific wording to finish the verification process on our accounts. Specifically we need to appoint a "Senior Managing Official".

The SMO is a person who makes, or participates in making, decisions that affect the whole, or a substantial part of the business of the association, or who has the capacity to significantly affect the financial standing of the association.

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Appoint Fletcher Boyd (Deputy Chairperson) as the Senior Managing Official for Perth Artifactory Inc. | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: 2023/11/18

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who      |
| ---------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Submit a copy of these minutes to NAB          | Fletcher |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: 2023-11-25, 13:00 1 weeks

Minutes: [2023-11-25](/minutes/Committee/2023-11-25)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
