---
title: 2023-08-19
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-08-19T05:19:34.809Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-08-17T15:37:29.300Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-08-19

Previous meeting: [2023-07-22](/minutes/Committee/2023-07-22)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2023-08-19, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Beau Scott
    * Ben Connor
    * Joshua Rospondek - Arr 1315
    * Lewis Yip
    * Phoebe-Jean Harris - Arr 1315
    * Renae Currie
    * Vincent Dalstra - Arr 1315
* Apologies:
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
* Absent:

* Observing:
    * Nil
* Minute taker: Fletcher / Lewis
* Chair: Beau

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 1304
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2023-07-22](/minutes/Committee/2023-07-22)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Endorse minutes of previous meeting | Fletcher       | Beau          | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

| Who | What | Status |
| --- | ---- | ------ |
| Phoebe | Investigate if it would worth while for the Artifactory to attend Kaiga Con. | Did not complete, deadline passed |
| Renae | Draft amendments to storage bylaw regarding allocated slots for sheet material storage. | Investigated, not going to work |
| JC | Write a description for the new Work On The Workshop event. | Complete |
| Fletcher | Publicise new Work On The Workshop event on calendar, social media, Slack. | Complete |
| Beau | Advise Fletcher of contact for JJ Richards waste disposal. | Out of our budget |
| Renae | Contact Instant Waste RE fixing skip bin wheels. | Has not happened |
| Lewis | Close out remaining issues and commentary on Classes of Membership and Storage bylaws. | Has not happened |
| Lewis | Update wiki regarding online motion by-law. | Complete |
| Lewis | Draft further revisions to online motion by-law regarding handling of absences. | Complete |
| Beau and JC | Further develop by-laws for working on automotive projects. | Has not happened |

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2023-07-24  | 2023-07-28     | Appoint Tom White to the IT Subcommittee | Passed: 8 in favour, 1 did not participate. |
| 2023-07-30  | 2023-08-03     | Issue RFID key for member Ben Moore | Passed: 8 in favour, 1 did not participate. |
| 2023-07-31  | 2023-08-04     | Accept the further amendments to the online motions bylaws, currently located at https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/en/testing/drafts/online-motions-mk-iii . | Passed: 7 in favour, 2 did not participate. |
| 2023-08-07  | 2023-08-11     | Approve Full Membership application for Jason Adamczyk | Passed: 7 in favour, 2 did not participate |
| 2023-08-14  | 2023-08-18     | Include a special resolution to amend subrule 9.1 on the agenda for the 2023 AGM | Passed: Unanimously (9 in favour). |
| 2023-08-18  | 2023-08-19     | Waive keybond and issue RFID key for member Madison Rogers | Lapsed due to a committee meeting being convened. |

## Correspondence

* ATO responded to DGR application - see below
* Maylands Street Festival - email rcvd Wed 16 Aug

> We saw your amazing stall at Comic-con and are excited to be reaching out and letting you know about the Maylands Street  Festival happening again on the 11th November 2023, 12pm - 8pm. This widely popular and attended event is expecting over 15000 visitors and we would love for you to apply to be involved. 
>
> It is going to be an amazing event and we are seeking a variety of artisans, start ups and emerging artists and micro businesses and food vendors to fill the festival grounds. Vendors who will provide interesting and quality goods/services for our event that will complement the other businesses within the festival vicinity.

From application form, we have:
> 
> Local Arts and Community Events (LACE) are proud to once again be hosting the Maylands Street Festival (MSF). Thank you for your interest in becoming an Artisan vendor at our festival. 
> 
> Please read the information, terms and Vendor, Entertainer, Operator Policy carefully before submitting your application. 
> 
> Where:          Vendors will be located on Eighth Ave / Whatley Crescent
> When:            Saturday 11 November 2023, 12pm - 8pm
> 
> General Information 
> We are seeking a variety of artisans, start ups and emerging artists, and micro businesses to fill the festival grounds. Vendors who provide interesting and quality goods/services for our event that will complement the other businesses within the vicinity of the Festival. Our aim is to have a combination of local businesses and mobile vendors that offer a compelling array of choices for our Festival attendees. We are committed to a sustainable and inclusive event. 
> 
> Important application dates
> * Earlybird Applications close: 25 August 2023
> * Applicants notified: 8 September 2023 or earlier if sites are filled.
> * Application fees due: 7 days of issue of invoice date.
> * Bump in details provided: 4 November 2023 

- Cost about $140
- No inclusions of power or marquee
- Unsure whether this will achieve net return
- Attend one of these first to see if it will be viable
- ACTION: Beau to send a formal reply - "interested if costs are minimal"

Fun facts! The enquiries recieved over the last 11 months at info@artifactory.org.au include:

- Total: 78
- Electronics: 16
- Woodworking: 14
- Lasers: 14
- NDIS participants: 6
- CNC: 6
- Metal: 3
- 3D Printing: 3

## Incident Reports

* Loomio - [Tablesaw storage/cleanliness](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/juMw8TgB/tablesaw-storage-cleanliness)
  - Have discussed this with relevant members
  - 
* Loomio - [Workshop cleanliness 14th August](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/nGVaFNou/workshop-cleanliness-14th-august)

Josh R, Phoebe and Vincent arrived at 1315

## Property Report

* Business as usual

## Chairperson's Report

* Since this is the last meeting before the AGM I would like to thank the serving committee's efforts over the last year. <3

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

### Expenses for Approval

* EXPENSES

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

* Lachlan MacKenzie| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Full Membership for Lachlan MacKenzie | Fletcher       | Beau          | Accepted |


## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### IT Officer

* See subcommittee

### Event Officer

* Business as usual

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* Business as usual

### Quartermasters

* Business as usual

### Membership Officers

* Membership numbers appear to be stable. Inductions requests are being met in a largely timely manner except for the cnc router.

### Membership Storage Officer

* Second part of the material audit due soon

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Potentially fixed the bed drop issue
* No large expenditures forseen

### IT Subcommittee

* Loomio appears to be working without major issues, we've migrated off of Azure for the live version
* Door is very close to being done
* Vending machine has an interested member

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* CNC router is progressing, thank to the Bens
  * We will need to close off the machine room and laser cutters for one day at some point for the final machine move (no date known yet)
* Locker move has been completed
* Tool chests have been consolidated
* Bench outside of the design lab/rehearsal room has been moved.
* TV has been mounted on a trolley suitable for events etc.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
    * Ran, business as usual
    * Attendance at the event on Weds 2023-08-18 was particularly strong, at least 15 attendees in the space!
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) -
    * Ran, business as usual
    * Niall has been issued an RFID key

### Social

* Artifrag (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
    * Did not run
* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Phoebe) -
    * Another 2 very successful events ran this month. This event is proving a great community focus.
    * Thank you to Fletcher and Steve and Adrian for bringing in lots of yummy food!
    * High member interest in supporting this event.
    

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -
    * Ran, business as usual

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -
    * Ran, business as usual
* Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot, Stewbags*) -
    * Did not run at the space

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
    * Ran, business as usual
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
    * Ran, was very busy
    * Didn't convert many visitors to memberships.
    * How do we increase conversion rate?
    * Surveys at the door in exchange for 1 free Day Pass visit?
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
    * Ran, business as usual.
    * Focus on CNC router group project.
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis)
    * Ran, business as usual.
* Woodworking for Women (Coordinator: Renae)
    * Moved to Wednesday morning to avoid conflict with Stirling Women's Shed
    * 2 new attendees on first week of change.
    * Combining with Raptors softball team to fundraise for consumables etc in the next month

### Other

(new and once off events)

* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

* Start Making! Beginner's Day
    * New event running monthly to get newbies started in the space
    * Ran on Saturday 2023-07-08
    * (how did it go?)

* Work On The Workshop
    * New event running monthly (last saturday of the month) to collectively Work On The Workshop
    * Ran on Saturday 2023-07-29
    * Useful amount of work achieved - lockers moved
    * Some members came specifically to help
    * Successful event, let's do it again :)
    * **Next week's event needs to be advertised - walkway repainting the main project**

* Bat detector build workshop (Conservation Council of WA) - Weds 2023-08-16 -
    * Thank you Steve (?) for volunteering to host this event
    * What fees did we end up charging for this?
    * How many people came?
    * How did it go?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Annual report

Annual report preparation well underway.

Check [#committee_annual-report](https://perthartifactory.slack.com/archives/C02E7F6NWE8) on Slack for progress.

Help needed to finish this. In particular:

* Cover photo - currently a placeholder - it'll do, a fun project to make a better cover photo if desired
* Page 2 Chair's report - expand
* Page 3 regarding our purpose/mission needs revision
* Page 4 regarding sponsorship programs needs revision - currently only mentions Sponsored Student Membership and Noize Resident Artist
* Events
  * Page 5 regarding event/workshop statistics - needs update
  * Start Making! Beginner's Day - needs update
  * Metal Monday - need words
  * Modsynth - needs photo and words
  * Leathercraft - needs photo and words
  * Noizemaschin!! - needs photo and words
* Community outreach
  * CROC - have photos from soldering workshop - needs words
  * FIRST robotics - needs photos and words - have reached out to Harry C today
  * Artist In Situ (City of Stirling) - have reached out Anton Lord for photo and words (nothing yet)
* Treasurer
  * Page 23 Report from the Treasurer - required
  * Page 24 Financial statements - required
  * Page 26 Membership statistics - required
* Page 27 General credits - revision required

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

### DGR application

Response from ATO requesting more information recieved 4 Aug.

**Drop dead deadline for response is 1 Sept.**

The chief issue appears to be that our public facing information (website, ACNC, etc) does not accurately reflect the evolution of the Association from a makerspace/performance venue to a community shed.

To quote the letter from the ATO (emphasis added) -

> **Dominant purposes**
>
> The dominant purposes of a community shed are advancing mental health and preventing or relieving social isolation.
>
> As your organisation operates a makerspace (or hackerspace), your main purpose is providing a welcoming safe space for people to come together to work on projects share ideas and socialise. The objects or purposes in your constitution includes promoting the creative use of technology, establish, maintain, and equip a shared workspace for its members, provide workspace, storage, and other resources for the creative and artistic use of technology and among others.
>
> Although in the ‘Key information’ section of your constitution showed the dominant purposes in Item B, this must be **consistent or should align with the information available to the public to demonstrate the main or dominant purpose** of your organisation as a community shed.
>
> Copy of Annual Reports (as per ACNC Register) and the information available on your website **does not specifically state the dominant purpose as a community shed**, therefore it is deemed that advancing mental health and preventing or relieving social isolation is your **secondary purpose or only incidental in achieving your main purpose as a makerspace facility provider**.
> 
> To enable us to make a decision on your application, please provide more information to demonstrate that you are complying with the requirements as a community shed - for example, **submitting copy of documentary evidence to establish that your activities support the dominant purposes** of advancing mental health and preventing or relieving social isolation, etc.

#### Plan of action

It would seem some or all of the following is required.

- Call the ATO and discuss
- Update our public facing information to reflect our community shed function.
- Explain to the ATO that our annual reports didn't reflect our community shed character before FY 2022-2023 because we only voted on our new constitution ("community shed" edition) in March 2023 and it was only endorsed by the Commissioner in June 2023, e.g. basically at the end of the financial year.
- Explain to the ATO that a makerspace is just what the *youths* call a community shed (and that we specifically don't call ourselves a community shed because it would not attract our target demographic).
- Explain and justify to the ATO why we specifically don't brand ourselves as a mental health support institution in our public materials ("destigmatising support").
- Provide hard documentary evidence (e.g. copies of emails) proving that people come to us for the same reasons they come to a community shed.
  - e.g. emails from people who are looking for groups of other people to work and socialise with. i.e. *"providing a physical location... supporting individuals to work on projects or undertake other activities in the **company of others at that location**."*
  - e.g. emails from support workers looking for community activities for their clients.
  - e.g. testimonials from those clients.
  

#### Actions taken so far:

- Renae is taking over from Lewis as the main point of contact with ATO.
- Renae is in the process of amending our ACNC information.
  - Has already updated our activities
  - Has already updated our beneficiaries ("who the charity helps"):
    - Adults - aged 25 to under 65
    - Adults - aged 65 and over
    - Females
    - Gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender or intersex persons
    - General community in Australia
    - People with disabilities
    - Youth - 15 to under 25
  - Adding the subtype "Advancing Health" (currently we are "Advancing Culture")
- Lewis has prepared most of the annual report (thank you to those who have helped so far). Our increase in community events this financial year will provide evidence to support our claims.
- Lewis has gone through our emails and picked out a number that support our position. Copies of these can be provided to ATO as hard documentary evidence (personal info redacted).

#### Actions still needed

- Update our website, socials, etc to better reflect our community shed focus
  - There is both writing and technical web dev aspects to this
- Complete ACNC change of charity subtype
- Update our presence on social media



#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

### Scheduling AGM

**Lewis proposes that we hold the AGM on 16th Sept.**

We must hold our AGM within 3 months of the end of our financial year i.e. by 30th Sept. (rule 51.1)

If we are proposing a special resolution (which we are) we must send out the AGM notice 21 days before the AGM e.g. by Friday 25th Aug. (rule 53.1)

We must call for nominations to the committee at least 21 days before the AGM e.g. by Friday 25th Aug. (rule 33.1)

Lewis has already prepared the forms and notices reflecting 16th Sept in draft.

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Set the date and time for the AGM to 2pm on the 16th of September 2023 | Lewis       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| Finalise the notices and forms for the AGM. | Lewis |
| Update the TidyHQ membership list for sending the AGM notices. | XXXXXX |
| Send the AGM notice to all members no later than 5pm on Friday 25th Aug. | Lewis |

### Wheelchair accessibility

A wheelchair user toured the space Sat 2023-08-12.

Discuss:
* xxx

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |



### Bylaws updates

Given workload from annual report, AGM, and volunteers currently very time poor, suspend work on these for now.

Below information is current status for tracking purposes.

Loomio - [Automotive projects bylaws](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/rP563uHl/automotive-projects-bylaws)

* @Beau and @Johannes have an action item to further develop this bylaw.

Loomio - [Revision for the Classes of Membership and the Storage Bylaws](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/D6vUFAmL/revision-to-the-classes-of-membership-and-the-storage-bylaws)

* @Renae has an action to draft an amendment to the sheet material storage by-laws, moving to a system where members are allocated specific slots for the storage of sheet material.
* @Lewis Yip has an action to close out the remaining issues. Following this we will be able to do final checks.

### RFID Key for Madison Rogers

The [online motion](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/p/Gd5Rt4po) for this matter lapsed due to still being open at the time this committee meeting started.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| To consider the matter of issuing an RFID key for Madison Rogers as emergency business. (Rule 43.4) | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted unanimously/Rejected |
| To waive keybond and issue RFID key for Madison Rogers | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted/Rejected |



### Items which did not make it by deadline for agenda

* Workshop induction - nearly ready

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

* Next meeting: NNNN.NN.NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
