---
title: 2023-03-11
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-11-15T17:56:45.831Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-02-28T05:01:26.329Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-03-11

Previous meeting: [2023-02-04](/minutes/Committee/2023-02-04)

Next meeting: [2023-04-01](/minutes/Committee/2023-04-01)

Scheduled start: 2023-03-11, 15:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Beau Scott
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Phoebe-Jean Harris
    * Renae Currie
    * Vincent Dalstra
* Apologies:
    * Johannes Chuah
* Absent: Nil
* Observing: Nil
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: Beau

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 1509
* Closed: 1600

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2023-02-04](/minutes/Committee/2023-02-04)

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept previous meeting minutes | Phoebe       | Beau          | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

| Action Items                                   | Who  | Status |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- | ------ |
| Check status of storage bylaw amendments | Lewis | Not done |
| Inspect rehearsal room after meeting | Spondy, JC | Done |
| Make air compressor pressure vessel safe | Fletcher | Done |
| Add Talk Shop Wednesday event to Facebook | JC | Done |
| Show JC how to edit Wine and Design event on Meetup | Lewis | Done |
| Issue replacement band room key to Lewis | Lewis | Done |
| Review draft notice of SGM | Fletcher | Done |
| Review provisions for online attendance at SGM | Fletcher | Done |
| Cache materials from Locker B01 in pallet racking for 3 months or until next storage audit | Committee | Done |
| Next committee member to see the relevant member to discuss the incident with them. Follow up a written notice. Potentially see the member at SGM. | Committee | Done - 11th Feb |

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2023-02-11  | 2023-02-12     | Assign under bench yard space as temporary storage area to Ahmad at the same rate as half pallet rack | Passed unanimously |
| 2023-02-20  | 2023-02-28     | MOTION: Accept Joshua Walters' application for concession membership | Passed - 8 in favour, 1 abstained |
| 2023-02-20  | 2023-02-23     | MOTION: Accept Anton Lord's application for full membership | Passed - 8 in favour, 1 abstained |

## Correspondence

* None of note

## Incident Reports

* Safety incidents
  * Member walked into Middle Red's laser tube housing, resulting in complaint.
    * Existing high visibility marking not effective in this case.
    * Foam cushioning has been installed to part of the housing that sticks out.
  * Member leg caught on wood protruding from hack rack while walking past, resulting in cut to leg.
    * Member performed own first aid (bandage).
    * Action: Housekeeping.

Need to restock the first aid cabinet. ACTION.

* Workshop reports
  * General reminder to all RE tidying up sent out on Slack on 7th Feb.
  * Have increased level of investigation and follow ups for specific instances of workshop left untidy.


## Property Report

* Fire / emergency lighting compliance ACTION

## Chairperson's Report

Beau now employed by Milwaukee - declaring potential conflict of interest. Noted.

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

* Operations: $8,732.66
* Sale program: $112.05
* Sponsored membership fund: $4,015.16

### Expenses for Approval

* $35.80 to get new keys cut - 2x front door, 2x rehearsal room. Lewis.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve the above expenses for reimbursement. | Beau | Fletcher | Accepted |

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

Refer to online motions.

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### IT Officer

* See IT Subcommittee

### Event Officer

No report.

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

Items are migrating into the room and not leaving.

Need to reset room regularly.

Need to fix camera in this room.

### Quartermasters

* Bar restocking is still happening, we may want to look at swapping out chips for larger (more expensive) packets.
  * Price prohibitive.

### Membership Officers

Business as usual.

### Membership Storage Officer

Business as usual. There is a supply of spare storage spaces.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Business as usual
  * No large expenditure expected
  * Training resources appear to be stable (people that want training are receiving it without undue load being placed on individual trainers) 

### IT Subcommittee

* [Home Assistant](/docs/Space_Control) rollout has begun

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Upcoming soldering workshop in partnership with Curtin Robotics
* [Pixel Expo](https://www.pixelexpo.org.au/) coming up. We haven't attended before, booth costs are $1000-2000
  * Not economical.

### Associate Memberships Panel

Business as usual.

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Vacuum pump sold for $1k
* Shed air compressor - back from warranty - returned to service.
* Wood Lathe repaired (ty Chris from LMCS)
* Outside cleanup continues

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Fairly busy
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Stephen Price*, Nick, Damon) - Seems to be running.

### Social

* Artifrag (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Was not scheduled
* Talk Shop Wednesday (Coordinator: Committee, Damon) -
  * Runs - attendance OK.
  * We will need a new host for this event after end of April.

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) - Business as usual

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -  Was not scheduled
* NoizeMaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot, Stewbags*) - Was not scheduled

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Business as usual
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - 10-15 in attendance, good volunteer turnout
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) - Runs - diversity of attendees.
* Board Game Night (Coordinator: Lewis) - Ran - 2 attended - 1 turned up afterwards
  * Some discussion - attendance poor due to timing on Saturday Night - perhaps rebrand this as "Social Wednesday" when Talk Shop Wednesday ends?
  * Put in band room - air conditioned.

### Other

(new and once off events)

* Artist In Residence (Anton Lord / Factotum Industries) - 
  * Ran - seems to have gone well.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section up to 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

### Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer appointments

Ben wishes to step back from Treasurer duties due to other priorities.

All present thank Ben for his Deputy Treasurer and Treasurer service to date.

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Fletcher Boyd (currently Deputy Treasurer) to be appointed to Treasurer. | Renee | Beau | Accepted |
| Ben Connor (currently Treasurer) to be appointed to Deputy Treasurer. | Fletcher | Phoebe          | Accepted |
| Renae Currie (currently ordinary committee member) to be appointed to Deputy Treasurer. | Fletcher | Phoebe | Accepted |

These appointments take effect immediately.

#### Action Items

* Reflect change of office holders to AssociationsOnline and ACNC - Lewis
* Update change of office holders to wiki - Lewis
* Add people to treasurer@artifactory.org.au - Fletcher - Done
* Update TidyHQ Treasurer role - Lewis

### SGM held 2023-03-04 - outcomes and new actions

* Excellent attendance - a full 40% of our membership had a say.
* New constitution passed in full with no objections.

#### Action Items

* Finalise changes to constitution and create final PDF.
* Proofread final PDF.
* Submit new constitution to AssociationsOnline for registration/approval by the regulator. (Must be done by 2023-04-04.)
* Wait for approval.
* Begin ATO deductible gift recipient DGR application.

### Workshop / general induction

* Workshop / general induction
  * This is needed to cover our risk with the new constitution allowing us less discretion in assessing member competency.
  * Must be completed before new constitution is implemented.
  * Lewis will take the lead on this - will need others to assist with fine details.

* Tools which require inductions before use.
  * i.e. Drill Press
  * Signage should state "general / workshop induction required to use this tool"
  * Signage should remind operators of common safe use practices
  * ACTION: Ben, Fletcher to identify tools that need this signage


### Workshop condition / incident reports

We have a [form](https://perart.io/workshopreport) for reporting workshop conditions that need investigation.

Current system works OK for initially reporting incidents but then doesn't support follow up and reporting, i.e. attaching photos, videos, discussions. Currently happening in Slack which is not very good for permanent records.

#### Action Items

* Figure out backend process (Trello?)
* Announce to members

### Curtin FIRST Robotics

* We've assisted in the fabrication of parts for the upcoming competition and assigned one mentor access so far. The team is currently competing in Wollongong
* They have a youtube video - our logo appears

### Curtin Robotics Club (CRoC)

Upcoming soldering workshop at Curtin.

### Commercial works opportunity - CNC / PCB prototyping

Fletcher: We likely do not have the time/inclination to proceed. 

ACTION: Ben to follow up and finalise.

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

* Next meeting: 2023-04-01, 15:00 3 weeks

Minutes: [2023-04-01](/minutes/Committee/2023-04-01)

## Action Summary

| Action | Who |
| ====== | === |
| Implement storage bylaws | Lewis |
| Restock first aid cabinet | ??? |
| Fire / emergency lightning compliance | JC? |
| Reflect change of office holders to AssociationsOnline and ACNC | Lewis |
| Update change of office holders to wiki | Lewis |
| Update TidyHQ treasurer role | Lewis |
| Do constitution update paperwork | Lewis |
| First draft of workshop/general induction | Lewis |
| Identify tools which need safety signage | Ben, Fletcher |
| Implement incident reporting backend using Trello | Fletcher |
| Follow up with commercial works enquiry | Ben |
