---
title: "2023-09-16 - Post AGM"
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-10-19T06:38:02.836Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-08-31T12:03:31.668Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-09-16 - Post AGM

Previous meeting: [2023-08-19](/minutes/Committee/2023-08-19)

Next meeting: [2023-10-21](/minutes/Committee/2023-10-21)

Scheduled start: 2023-09-16, 14:00

# Agenda

1.  Elect office bearers
2.  Reaffirm Subcommittees
3.  Review Previous Meeting's Minutes
4.  Review Previous Meeting's Action Items
5.  Review online motions
6.  Other Business

# Minutes

These minutes document a meeting of the Perth Artifactory Inc Management Committee

## Members Present

-   Present:
    - Beau Scott
    - Ben Connor
    - Fletcher Boyd
    - Joshua Rospondek
    - Lewis Yip (Li-Aung)
    - Renae Currie
    - Tegan Murphy

-   Apologies:
    - JC

-   Absent:
    - Nil
  
-   Observing:
    - Nil

-   Minute taker: Lewis

-   Chair: Beau

## Meeting Times

-   Opened: 14:04 hrs
-   Closed: 14:21 hrs
-   Next meeting: 2023-10-21 Time: 13:00hrs

# Elect office holders

Refer to procedure in s35 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Election of office holders*.

> **35 Election of office holders**
>
> 35.1. Subject to subrule 42.2, the newly elected committee members must hold the first committee meeting as soon as practicable after the annual general meeting.
>
> 35.2. The chairperson of the first committee meeting must be —
> - 35.2.a. The first committee member to volunteer; or
> - 35.2.b. If no committee member volunteers - determined at random.
>
> 35.3. The ordinary business of the first committee meeting is as follows —
> - 35.3.a. To elect the chairperson of the Association; then
> - 35.3.b. To elect the other office holders of the Association; then
> - 35.3.c. Any other business which the by-laws require to be addressed at the first committee meeting.
>
> 35.4. A separate election must be held for each position of office holder of the Association,
> as follows —
> - 35.4.a. The chairperson of the meeting must call for nominations from the committee members at the meeting.
> - 35.4.b. If there is no nomination for a position, the chairperson of the meeting must appoint a committee member to the position.
> - 35.4.c. If only one committee member has nominated for a position, the chairperson of the meeting must declare the committee member elected to the position.
> - 35.4.d. If more than one committee member has nominated for a position, the committee members at the meeting must vote by secret ballot to decide who is to be elected to the position.
> - 35.4.e. Each committee member present at the meeting may vote for one committee member who has nominated for the position.
> - 35.4.f. A committee member who has nominated for the position may vote for themselves.
> - 35.4.g. On the committee member’s election, the new chairperson of the Association may take over as the chairperson of the meeting.

* Beau volunteered to chair the meeting.

## Office holder elections

| Position           | Nominees | Result   |
| ------------------ | -------- | -------- |
| Chairperson        | Beau | Beau appointed |
| Deputy chairperson | Fletcher | Fletcher appointed |
| Secretary          | Lewis | Lewis appointed |
| Treasurer          | Renae | Renae appointed |

## Officer appointments

Review of [officers](/docs/policies/officers) is not officially a part of the standard agenda for this meeting. However it makes sense to review it at this time.

| Position                   | Incumbent(s)         | Result   |
| -------------------------- | -------------------- | -------- |
| Deputy secretary           | Phoebe               | Tegan Murphy appointed. |
| Deputy treasurer           | Renae, Ben Connor    | Ben Connor appointed. |
| Event officer              | Phoebe               | Phoebe vacated the role. JC self-nominated and appointed. |
| IT officer                 | Vacant               | Vacant |
| Membership officer         | Fletcher             | Fletcher continuing. |
| Member storage officer     | Steve Hodges         | Steve vacated the role. Beau appointed. |
| Quartermaster              | Vincent              | Vincent vacated the role. Fletcher appointed. |
| Rehearsal room coordinator | JC, Martin Gonzalez  | JC, Martin Gonzalez to continue. |
| The Ambassador             | Magnus Danger Magnus | Magnus Danger Magnus to continue. |


# Reaffirm Subcommittees

Refer to the [subcommittees bylaws](/docs/policies/subcommittees) regarding *Annual review* and *Membership of subcommittee*.

> **Annual review**
>
> At the first committee meeting after each annual general meeting, the committee must consider each subcommittee, and determine -
> 
> * Whether the subcommittee meets the minimum requirements to continue operating; and
> * If the subcommittee will continue or be disbanded.
> 
> **Membership of subcommittee**
>
> A subcommittee ---
> 
> * must have at least two members.
> * must include at least one committee member.
> * may include any person the committee considers appropriate, whether the person is a member or not.

#### Annual review of subcommittees

| Subcommittee | Current membership (Committee members marked :star:) | Meets requirements to continue operating | Subcommittee to continue or be disbanded |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| [IT](/docs/IT) | Nick Bannon, Blake Samuels, Vincent Dalstra, :star: Fletcher Boyd, Thomas White | Y | Continue |
| [Infrastructure](/docs/infrastructure/infrastructurev2) | :star: Joshua Rospondek, :star: Ben Connor, :star: Fletcher Boyd, Iain Graham, :star: Beau Scott, :star: Renae Currie | Y | Continue |
| [Lasers](/docs/lasers/lasers) | Blake Samuels, :star: Fletcher Boyd, Glenn Martin, Kamil Seda, Nick Bannon, Bruce Chambers, :star: Lewis Yip | Y | Continue |
| [Promotions](/docs/promotions/promotions) | Phoebe-Jean Harris, :star: Johannes Chuah | Y | Continue |
| [Associate Membership Panel](/docs/Associate_Memberships) | :star: Beau Scott, :star: Ben Connor | Y | Continue |

#### Motions

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Continue operation of the IT subcommittee with the membership recorded above. | Beau | Fletcher | PASSED |
| Continue operation of the Infrastructure subcommittee with the membership recorded above. | Beau | Fletcher | PASSED |
| Continue operation of the Lasers subcommittee with the membership recorded above. | Beau | Fletcher | PASSED |
| Continue operation of the Promotions subcommittee with the membership recorded above. | Beau | Fletcher | PASSED |
| Continue operation of the Associate Memberships Panel subcommittee with the membership recorded above. | Beau | Fletcher | PASSED |

### Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept previous meeting minutes. | Beau | Ben Connor | 6 in favour. 1 abstention (was not present at previous meeting. Passed |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

| Action Items                                   | Who  | Status |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- | ---- |
| Reply to invitation from Maylands Street Festival | Beau | Not done |
| Advertise the next Work On The Workshop event | JC | Complete |
| Complete ACNC application to change charity subtype | Renae | Complete |
| Update our social media presence to reflect our community shed nature | ??? |  |
| Update the website to better reflect our community shed nature | Spondy | Complete |
| Finalise the notices and forms for the AGM. | Lewis | Complete |
| Send the AGM notice to all members no later than 5pm on Friday 25th Aug. | Lewis | Complete |

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2023-08-19  | 2023-08-23     | Approve Concession Membership application for Lyci Coulson | Passed: 8 in favour, 1 did not participate. |
| 2023-08-20  | 2023-08-22     | Approve Full Membership application for Penny Wood | Passed: 9 in favour (unanimously) |
| 2023-08-21  | 2023-08-25     | Approve Full Membership application for Bosun Michael | Passed: 8 in favour, 1 did not participate. |
| 2023-08-26  | 2023-08-29     | Issue RFID key for member Penny Wood | Passed: 9 in favour (unanimous) |
| 2023-09-10  | 2023-09-13     | Issue RFID key for member Bosun Michael | Passed. 7 in favour, 2 did not participate. |

## Other Business

### Onboarding / offboarding committee members

IT access permissions, safe codes, physical keys to the Artifactory, etc.

| Action Items                                   | Who  | Status |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- | ---- |
| Onboard committee members: Tegan               | Lewis and Fletcher | XXXX |
| Offboard committee members: Vincent and Phoebe | Lewis and Fletcher | XXXX |
| Change safe code                               | Renae | XXXX |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

* Next meeting: 2023-10-21, 13:00 5 weeks

Minutes: [2023-10-21](/minutes/Committee/2023-10-21)
