---
title: 2023-10-21
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-11-18T05:08:08.024Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-10-18T03:23:30.651Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2023-10-21

Previous meeting: [2023-09-16](/minutes/Committee/2023-09-16)

Next meeting: [2023-11-18](/minutes/Committee/2023-11-18)

Scheduled start: 2023-10-21, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

These minutes document a  meeting of the Perth Artifactory Inc Management Committee

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Beau Scott
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Tegan Murphy
* Apologies: NAMES
    * Renae Currie
* Absent:
    * Nil
* Observing:
    * Nil
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: Beau

* Quorum present (4 committee members): Yes

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 13:26hrs
* Closed: 14:22hrs

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2023-09-16](/minutes/Committee/2023-09-16)

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the minutes of the previous committee meeting held [2023-09-16](/minutes/Committee/2023-09-16) | JC       | Beau          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

No action items from previous meeting.

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2023-09-16  | 2023-09-20     | Approve Full Membership application for Ross Minney | Passed (unanimously) |
| 2023-09-19  | 2023-09-20     | Issue RFID key for member Anthony Parrella | Passed (unanimously) |
| 2023-09-29  | 2023-10-01     | Issue RFID key for member Alex Kirwan | Vote passed with 5 ayes and 3 abstentions. |
| 2023-10-07  | 2023-10-11     | Issue RFID key for member Isaac Monteath | Motion passed. 7 ayes, 1 did not participate. |
| 2023-10-14  | 2023-10-17     | Issue RFID key for member Ross Minney | 7 in favour, 1 did not participate. |

## Correspondence

* ATO contacted Renae to update on our DGR application.
* ATO currently waiting on ACNC to decide our change of charity subtype before deciding our DGR application.
* ACNC advises that our change of charity subtype application is in a queue to be assessed, ETA end of November.
* ATO had no other questions regarding our DGR application.
* ACNC contacted us this morning (2023-10-21) to advise they had started processing our application.

## Incident Reports

* No incidents

## Property Report

* Business as usual
* Fire equipment compliance (6 monthly) outstanding.
    * Action on Fletcher to look at pricing to do the course.

## Chairperson's Report

* Business as usual

## Treasurer's Report

* Fletcher has been handling treasurer duties while Renae is away.
* Bank signatories have been updated to match new office bearers
* Variable outgoings shortfall for 22-23 was $1,077.60
* Ongoing Variable outgoings have been adjusted by $101.20 bringing rent from $4,249.30 to $4,350.50 backdated to the beginning of the financial year.
* NAB's identity protection team flagged an issue with our organisation profile, we're still in the process of getting this corrected.
* $5,857.63 in accounts after rent, VO shortfall and VO adjustment.

As at 2023-10-20

| Account                       | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $3,118.51   |
| Sale Program                  | $112.05     |
| Sponsored Student Memberships | $2,320.16   |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $5,550.72   |

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

### Expenses for Approval

* Nil

### Due invoices

* Nil

## Membership Report

### Current Status

* Membership is growing over the last month.

### New Memberships for approval

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Full Membership for Felix Wojcik | Lewis       | Beau          | Accepted |
| Approve Full Membership for Jacinta Saad | Lewis       | Beau          | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership for Jacob Monteath | Lewis       | Beau          | Accepted |
| Approve Full Membership for Stefan Milanov  | Lewis       | Beau          | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership for Charles Owens  | Lewis       | Beau          | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership for Cheryl Millard  | Lewis       | Beau          | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* JC: Business as usual.
* Tegan: Proposal to stand up "Cosplay and Craft" event on Sundays.

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* JC: Business as usual.
* Spondy: Some housekeeping issues.

### Quartermasters

* Largely business as usual. Chocolates Moved to the fridge for summer.

### Membership Officers

* Will be trying a slightly more hands on approach with new members going forward.

### Membership Storage Officer

* Storage requests are being met in a timely fashion.
* Storage audit was performed on lockers this month.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Scheduled maintenance has occurred
  * No significant costs anticipated
* Training requests appear to be met in a timely fashion.

### IT Subcommittee

* More time is being spent setting up role based authentication (RBAC) where possible.
* Several services taken offline for extended maintenance, no effect on day to day member activities.

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Nothing to report.

### Associate Memberships Panel

* Nothing to report.

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Laser lighting to be restored (again)
* Air conditioning condensate drain(s) - need to monitor.
* Roof leak above electronics lab.
    * Action: Beau to get silicone to fix roof leak.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Attendance has been reasonably high, extra help may be useful.
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) - Running, no issues.

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Phoebe)
  * Seems to be running fairly smoothly.
  * Gets more attendance when the plan is clear in advance.
  * Focus the event more on existing community than new memberMeetup (not the right atmosphere for tool training etc).
  	* Action: Lewis to remove this event from Meetup.
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis)
  * Ran x2
  * One was minimally attended and not a great event, the 2nd was highly attended and a good event
  * Some discussion re this event in #committee - do we keep running this?

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -
  * Running, no issues reported

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*)
  * No reported issues.
* NoizeMaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot*, Stewbags*)
  * Did not run at the space.

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee)
  * Business as usual
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher)
  * Busy.
  * Bringing in some members.
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben)
  * Most recent one was pretty quiet.
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae)
  * Hosted by Zoe/Penny/Fletcher for three weeks while Renae is away. attendance has been promising and at least one new member.
* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher)
  * Attendance hasn't been great, the concept for the event does not seem to be in demand / poorly advertised during tours.
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis)
  * Ran x1, didn't advertise heavily and thus didn't have much attendance.
  * For next one would like to attack the electronics lab. What can we do about the storage in there? Has to be cost effective, durable.
    * Discuss outside meeting. Involve Infrastructure. Also need to work on the ceiling / roof leak.

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}

### Upcoming community market events

- Stirling Farmers Market
  - Penny can get us a stall.
  - Free.
  - Renae and Fletcher have volunteered to do this.
- Piara Waters Markets
  - Tegan - potential to tap into the Christmas gift market.
  - Costs $40.
  - JC will talk to Tegan after the meeting to talk further.
- Stitch in Time Family Fun Day
  - Tegan - this is a community mental health organisation - they were asking for stallholders.


### Revision to the Classes of Membership and the Storage Bylaws

Loomio: [Revision to the Classes of Membership and the Storage Bylaws](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/D6vUFAmL/revision-to-the-classes-of-membership-and-the-storage-bylaws)

Ongoing effort to modernise our bylaws from last year.

Needs a final push to get this over the line. Volunteers?

Action: Fletcher to go through Loomio thread to pick out remaining issues.

### Introduce Family Membership

Loomio: [Introduce Family Membership](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/tOyArM8e/introduce-family-membership)

This was an idea from Lewis,

Consensus seems to be that an actual "family membership" may have unintended consequences as discussed in the Loomio thread.

The main people this would apply to at the moment seem to be happy with 1 primary member + 1 person coming in at casual Day Pass rate.

Lewis suggests taking no action at this time.

Further option discussed was to include "partner of existing member" as eligible for concession membership.

### Automotive Projects bylaws

Loomio: [Automotive Projects bylaws](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/rP563uHl/automotive-projects-bylaws)

This is an effort to formalise rules about working on vans, cars etc. to avoid repeat issues with automotive projects in the carpark and the front bay.

Currently in definition stage and requires some more definition from automotive knowledgeable people to say what the rules need to be.

Beau and JC have discussed this.
* Van fit outs need to be a separate bylaw
* Current draft of bylaw just needs a cleanup and then it can go live.
* Action: JC will begin drafting bylaw for van fit outs.

### Workshop Induction

Loomio: [Workshop Induction](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/730YQk9z/workshop-induction)

We had previously decided that we needed a more robust workshop induction to:

* discharge our safety duty of care
* address recent incidents where lack of tool training was a factor
* make people aware of all our facilities and associated rules

**The workshop [induction](/testing/drafts/workshop-induction) is in final draft and is ready to be tested on someone.**

Following that we need to -

* decide who needs to do this induction (new people? existing members?)
  * Announce that we now have a induction, people are welcome to ask to run through it. If we see someone who needs additional training, run them through it.
  * Keyholder responsibilities - add responsibility to ensure visitors are appropriately inducted.
* write corresponding bylaws and
* set up required record keeping systems.



## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

* Next meeting: 2023-11-25 13:00hrs

Minutes: [2023-11-18](/minutes/Committee/2023-11-18)

## Action Summary

* Fire equipment compliance (6 monthly) outstanding.
  * Action on Fletcher to look at pricing to do the course.
    
* Roof leak above electronics lab.
  * Action: Beau to get silicone to fix roof leak.

* Revision to the Classes of Membership and the Storage Bylaws
  * Action: Fletcher to go through Loomio thread to pick out remaining issues.

* Automotive project bylaws
  * Action: JC will begin drafting bylaw for van fit outs.
