---
title: 2024-12-14
description: Public building inspection, Lease 
published: true
date: 2025-02-12T06:45:38.737Z
tags: minutes-committee
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-11-17T01:02:09.598Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-12-14

Previous meeting: [2024-11-16](/minutes/Committee/2024-11-16)

Next meeting: [2025-02-15](/minutes/Committee/2025-02-15)

Scheduled start: 2024-12-14, 12:30

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    * Ben Connor
* Apologies:
    * Nil
* Absent:
* Observing: Nil
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: JC

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 12:30
* Closed: 13:20

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2024-11-16](/minutes/Committee/2024-11-16)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the previous meeting minutes | Renae       | JC          | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* ❓ Fletcher - band membership phase out to band subscription. - Not actioned
* ❓ Spondy and Fletcher - Sheet storage audit is due - Not actioned
* ❓ Renae and Fletcher - finish writing induction checklists - In progress.
* ❓ Fletcher - investigate what happens if we withdraw from our Meetup subscription - We have decided to go on with it. ACTION: Renae to send invoice to PLUG.
* ❓ JC - Contact PLUG event hosts regarding event host responsibilities - JC to remove PLUG from calendar as PLUG event hosts are not consistent with showing up on time for their advertised event opening times, so the space is not reliably "open" during these events.
* ❓ Renae, Ben, Lewis, Fletcher - draft proposal for revised payment authorisations policy - On hold - Remains on hold

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised             | Date completed          | Motion text                                                                                                                  | Outcome                                     |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| Wed 4 Dec 2024 9:13PM   | Mon 9 Dec 2024 5:02PM   | Authorise Renae and Fletcher to sign lease extension as attached                                                             | Passed (unanimous)                          |
| Wed 4 Dec 2024 5:12PM   | Thu 5 Dec 2024 8:53PM   | Approve $935 for payment of Lease extension fees from the General Fund                                                       | Passed (unanimous)                          |
| Tue 3 Dec 2024 12:12PM  | Fri 6 Dec 2024 1:01PM   | Issue RFID key for member David Barclay                                                                                      | Passed (unanimous)                          |
| Tue 26 Nov 2024 12:22PM | Fri 29 Nov 2024 12:01PM | Approve $79 for purchase of Workshop blower from the Infrastructure and Equipment Fund                                       | Passed (unanimous)                          |
| Tue 26 Nov 2024 11:40AM | Fri 29 Nov 2024 11:01AM | Approve $168 for purchase of 2x Ryobi sander from the General Fund                                                           | Passed (6 in favour, 1 did not participate) |
| Sat 23 Nov 2024 10:54AM | Sun 24 Nov 2024 1:19AM  | Approve $1800 for purchase of 4x Seagate Exos X18 12TB drives for the NVR from the General Fund                              | Passed (unanimous)                          |
| Sat 23 Nov 2024 10:45AM | Sun 24 Nov 2024 1:19AM  | Approve up to $2000 for 3d printer filament restocking from the General Fund                                                 | Passed (unanimous)                          |
| Fri 22 Nov 2024 12:43PM | Mon 25 Nov 2024 10:11AM | Approve up to $50 for purchase of hold down clamps for drill press from the Infrastructure and Equipment Fund                | Passed (unanimous)                          |
| Fri 22 Nov 2024 12:33PM | Mon 25 Nov 2024 10:12AM | Approve up to $210 for purchase of replacement orbital sander and new backing pad from the Infrastructure and Equipment Fund | Passed (unanimous)                          |

## Correspondence

* See property report.

### Documents Executed

* Nil.

## Incident Reports

* Nil.

## Property Report

* Public building inspection - City of Stirling
  * Passed.
  * Refer [letter on file](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1--MjHeUfY4vxnnNXdsmC2o2w4ZB3P98n&usp=drive_fs). (Committee only - Google Drive.)
  * Paper towel dispensers required in washrooms. (instead of the hand towels currently in use)
  

## Chairperson's Report

Over the past few months, the management committee have been in discussions to secure a new lease arrangement for our cherished space. I’m pleased to report that we are close to finalising the agreement, However, as expected, the new lease comes with a rent increase.

This adjustment places additional pressure on our financial buffer, making it more important than ever to monitor our operational position on a monthly basis.

This is where we need your support: timely payment of membership fees is essential. Your contributions  help us meet our financial obligations and plan confidently for the future.

We encourage members to set up a direct transfer from your bank each month, as this not only saves us on fees, but reduces volunteer time following up on late payments.

On a positive note, the new lease offers greater stability, moving us from a month-to-month arrangement to a longer-term agreement. This provides us with a solid foundation to continue growing as a vibrant hub for makers, innovators, and creators.

I’d like to take this opportunity to thank our incredible members, dedicated volunteers, trainers, and event hosts for your ongoing support, enthusiasm, and commitment throughout 2024.

P.S.: Don’t forget the NYE edition of Talkshop Socials – happening Tuesday, 31st December, at 6:00 PM at Perth’s BEST Makerspace, 8/16 Guthrie Street, Osborne Park.

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

Strong membership numbers have led to another positive financial result for the month.
We need to keep in mind that we will have some significant expenses in December related to our lease extension.
Pride Fair Day was a great success, with $1,500 raised from sales, as well as the new memberships likely to come from our increased presence withing the queer community. Many thanks to all involved in making the day a great success.


| Account - as at End of Month  | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $ 12,118.10 |
| Sponsored Memberships         | $  3,440.16 |
| Secure Account                | $ 30,000.00 |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $ 45,558.26 |

### Income/Expenditure

| Income AUD                      |           |
| ------------------------------- | --------- |
| Bond                            | $675.00   |
| Casual - Band Room              | $40.00    |
| Casual                          | $173.41   |
| Donation                        | $295.00   |
| Donation - Sponsored Membership | $45.00    |
| Drinks/Snacks                   | $459.00   |
| Event - Talkshop                | $205.00   |
| Fundraising Income and Expenses | $1,524.65 |
| Membership                      | $5,307.56 |
| Tool Use/Costs - 3D Printers    | $112.60   |
| Tool Use/Costs - Lasers         | $70.00    |
| Total                           | $8,907.22 |
|                                 |           |
| Expenses AUD                    |           |
| Admin - Bank Fees               | $55.60    |
| Admin - Electricity             | $1,136.45 |
| Admin - Internet                | $205.00   |
| Admin - Waste                   | $91.85    |
| Bond                            | $90.00    |
| Equipment Purchases/Sales       | $30.00    |
| Event - Talkshop                | $334.45   |
| Infrastructure - Expenses       | $138.50   |
| Lease+Variable Outgoings        | $4,477.00 |
| Tool Repairs/Consumables        | $33.00    |
| Tool Use/Costs - Lasers         | $389.20   |
| Workshop Consumables            | $9.08     |
| Total                           | $6,990.13 |
|                                 |           |
| Net Cash Position AUD           |           |
| Total                           | $1,917.09 |

### Expense Report

| Date       | Cost      | Supplier                      | Item                  | Category                  | Authorisation               |
| ---------- | --------- | ----------------------------- | --------------------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------- |
| 01/11/2024 | $86.00    | Aussie Broadband              | Internet              | Admin - Internet          | Treasurer                   |
| 01/11/2024 | $55.45    | Adrian's Continental Deli     | Talkshop Food         | Event - Talkshop          | Quartermaster               |
| 07/11/2024 | $1,136.45 | Synergy                       | Power                 | Admin - Electricity       | Treasurer                   |
| 13/11/2024 | $10.30    | Bakers Delight                | Talkshop Food         | Event - Talkshop          | Quartermaster               |
| 13/11/2024 | $313.51   | Cloudray Laser Solutions      | Laser maintenance      | Tool Use/Costs - Lasers   | Loomio                      |
| 13/11/2024 | $75.69    | aliexpress                    | Laser maintenance      | Tool Use/Costs - Lasers   | Loomio                      |
| 14/11/2024 | $43.72    | European Foods Marketplace    | Talkshop Food         | Event - Talkshop          | Quartermaster               |
| 14/11/2024 | $15.80    | Coles                         | Talkshop Food         | Event - Talkshop          | Quartermaster               |
| 15/11/2024 | $4,477.00 | Prime Property Agency Pty Ltd | Rent                  | Lease+Variable Outgoings  | Treasurer                   |
| 15/11/2024 | $119.00   | Pentanet                      | internet              | Admin - Internet          | Treasurer                   |
| 15/11/2024 | $37.45    | Adrian's Continental Deli     | Talkshop Food         | Event - Talkshop          | Quartermaster               |
| 22/11/2024 | $30.00    | Hare & Forbes MachineryHouse  | Drill press clamps    | Equipment Purchases/Sales | Loomio                      |
| 26/11/2024 | $82.50    | Leader Cables                 | Cables for design lab | Infrastructure - Expenses | Loomio                      |
| 26/11/2024 | $56.00    | Showtools                     | Gaffer Tape           | Infrastructure - Expenses | Infrastructure Subcommittee |
| 27/11/2024 | $91.85    | Instant Waste                 | Skip Bins             | Admin - Waste             | Treasurer                   |
| 27/11/2024 | $12.00    | Bakers Delight                | Talkshop Food         | Event - Talkshop          | Quartermaster               |
| 28/11/2024 | $50.63    | European Foods Marketplace    | Talkshop Food         | Event - Talkshop          | Quartermaster               |
| 28/11/2024 | $30.50    | Coles                         | Talkshop Food         | Event - Talkshop          | Quartermaster               |
| 29/11/2024 | $78.60    | Adrian's Continental Deli     | Talkshop Food         | Event - Talkshop          | Quartermaster               |
| 29/11/2024 | $55.60    | NAB                           | Merchant Fees         | Admin - Bank Fees         | Treasurer                   |
| 29/11/2024 | $33.00    | Hare & Forbes MachineryHouse  | Bandsaw Switch        | Tool Repairs/Consumables  | Infrastructure Subcommittee |
| 29/11/2024 | $9.08     | Officeworks                   | WD40                  | Workshop Consumables      | Infrastructure Subcommittee |



| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept Expenses as reported above | Fletcher       | Tegan          | Accepted |

### Due invoices

Total Due - $6,545
Total Overdue - $4,435

### Infrastructure Fund

| Total in Fund                              |  $ 11,655.97 |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Donations Received                         |  $ 0         |
| Donation Matching                          |  $ 0         |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Expense                                    | -$ 33.00     |


## Membership Report

### Current Status

| Class      | 2024-12-09 | 2024-11-14 | Diff |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---- |
| Full       | 71         | 67         | +4   |
| Concession | 38         | 36         | +2   |
| Band       | 2          | 2          | --   |
| **TOTAL**  | 111        | 105        | +6   |


### New Memberships for approval

| Date                      | Name                      | Class of membership                          |
|---------------------------|---------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| 2024-11-16 19:45:28 +0800 | Clinton Jansen (Siege)    | Full Membership - Monthly Subscription       |
| 2024-11-19 19:14:26 +0800 | Dean Bentley              | Full Membership - Monthly Subscription       |
| 2024-11-20 10:18:11 +0800 | Stephen Williams (Steven) | Full Membership - Monthly Subscription       |
| 2024-12-07 14:51:38 +0800 | Goran Bjelajac (Goci)     | Full Membership - Monthly Subscription       |
| 2024-12-07 14:52:10 +0800 | Snezana Petrovic          | Full Membership - Monthly Subscription       |
| 2020-08-19 23:46:31 +0800 | Naomi Latky (Ebony)       | Concession Membership - Monthly Subscription |
| 2024-11-25 19:39:44 +0800 | Dylan Palmer              | Concession Membership - Monthly Subscription |


| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the membership applications listed above | JC       | Renae          | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* Business as usual

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* Business as usual

### Quartermasters

* Bar has been restocked with summer items. Will try to do one more restock before Christmas.

### Membership Officers

* 18 member inductions completed since last meeting (+2)
* Taiga member onboarding tracker
  * We're using this to follow up on members without inductions, emergency contact info, photos etc

### Membership Storage Officer

* No requests this period.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Maintenance upcoming next week, nothing to report.

### IT Subcommittee

* Development on our Taiga implementation continues. We're almost at feature parity (for the things we care about) + some tools that make it more usable than the web version. (cross project filtering, AI task generation etc)
* NVR drives haven't been purchased yet, we've been a bit busy.
  * Some affected tools (like Taiga-Slack have been moved offsite temporarily)
* [Workstations listing](/docs/IT/workstations) (thanks David Barclay)

-Fletcher

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Pride
* Bunnings Christmas family event went well. Thank you to JC, Phoebe, and Nicholas for helping out.

### Associate Memberships Panel

* One application received for Sponsored Student Membership.
  * The applicant didn't demonstrate alignment with program objectives.
  * Declined.

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* 🔴 [First aid kit needs labels](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/issue/42)
* 🟡 [Bandsaw had a power issue and was repaired](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/43)
* 🟢 Doors have been fitted to the printer cabinet and visibility strips applied (ty Penny, Lewis and Tom)
* 🟢 [Visibility strips have been replaced on the lab door](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/64) (ty Lewis)
* 🟡 [A project area power board failed](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/1) and was replaced (ty Renae)
* 🟢 Sandblaster had an issue with a seal that was repaired (ty Renae)
* We're looking at adding an [aerator to the kitchen tap](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/50), may end up replacing the tap itself
* 🟢 Bandsaw has been connected to extraction (ty Penny)
* 🟢 [Sublimation printers](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/56) have progressed to testing stage (ty Dave)
* 🟢 Updates to the [laser](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/58) and [printer](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/61) signage incoming (ty Lewis)
* We're [adding the PCB hotplate as a yellow tool](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/issue/62)
* 🟢 [New thicknesser is in use](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/69) (ty Ben and Renae)
  * Fletcher is working on the power source issue
* 🟡 [Old (small) thicknesser is dying](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/issue/87) and is being replaced with a loaner from Tom. (We have two so you don't need to bring the big one out for small tasks)
* 🟡 [The drill press needs a replacement adjustment knob](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/76)
* [There is issues with the virtual doorbell](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/114), Penny is investigating
* 🟡 Tom is investigating [getting the status of the door (open/closed) into HA](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/81)
* 🟡 Lewis and Fletcher are investigating [solutions for the aircon drain](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/89)
* 🔴 [EWP has some control issues](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/49), Tom is investigating but issues are non blocking
* 🟡 [Hydraulic press is leaking](https://tasks.artifactory.org.au/project/infrastructure/us/108)
* 🟢 31 tool inductions completed since last meeting (-3)

-Fletcher

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
  * 🟢 Running well
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon)
  * 🟡 No reported issues
  * Event removed from Artifactory event calendar, as space is not reliably open to the public during the event.

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Lewis) -
  * 🟢 Running well
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis)
  * 🟢 Running well

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -
  * 🟡 Scheduled - not sure if ran.
  * 🟢 Increase in attendee fee, effective next year, has been communicated via email.

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) - 
  * 🟢 Attendance fee increase communicated, all good
  * 🟢 Positive feedback from event host.

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Business as usual
  * 🟢 Running as usual
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
  * 🟢 Ran OK, sufficient volunteers
  * Not a huge number of visitors, maybe because weather is getting hotter
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
  * 🟡 Attendance remains low - supply/demand
  * Still a lot of value in having the event open for training, general community interaction, etc.
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinators: Renae/Penny) - 
  * 🟢 Running well, attendance varies week to week
  * Resin workshop running next week
  
### Other

* Soldering workshop in the works - JC leading

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}

### Rent review

See Loomio: [Rent Negotiations Analysis](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/vK0rH1uW/rent-negotiations-analysis)

* A 2-year renewal of our lease has been drawn up and will be executed in due course.
* Rent increasing from $33,500 to $38,000/annum (ex GST) + variable outgoings, effective 1 November 2024.
* Annual rent review tied to "CPI Perth All groups" index.

Thank you to Renae for leading on this process and closing it out quickly.


#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: 2025-02-15, 12:30 9 weeks

Minutes: [2025-02-15](/minutes/Committee/2025-02-15)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
