---
title: 2024-01-20
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-03-17T11:27:42.145Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-11-26T01:04:54.902Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-01-20

Previous meeting: [2023-11-25](/minutes/Committee/2023-11-25)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2024-01-20, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Beau Scott
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: Nil
* Absent: Nil
* Observing: Nil
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: Beau

* Quorum present (4 committee members): Yes.

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 13:09
* Closed: 14:19

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2023-11-25](/minutes/Committee/2023-11-25)

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the minutes of the previous meeting | Fletcher       | Beau          | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* Lewis - Update constitution at website, ACNC
  * Complete
* (Who?) - Sponsor section on the website
  * Action assigned to Spondy.
* Beau - Over the Xmas break, assess the Electronics Lab roof and assess the necessary repairs for actioning.
  * In progress.
* Lewis to finalise DGR gift guidelines on wiki, and notify to membership
  * Wiki updated
  * Announced via #announcements 2023-12-01
* Lewis to finalise NDIS policy on wiki
  * Wiki updated
  * Announced via #announcements 2023-12-01
* Lewis to finalise membership class changes on wiki, and notify to membership
  * Wiki updated
  * Announced via #announcements 2023-12-01
* Lewis to finalise storage by law changes on wiki, and notify to membership
  * Wiki updated
  * Announced via #announcements 2023-12-01
* JC to update register of responses and work with Fletcher to finalise complex responses / unresponsive members.
  * In progress.
* [Vehicle interior and exterior fitout policy](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/PQYrwdZ5/-vehicle-interior-and-exterior-fit-out-by-law)
  * Research required. Van projects can continue in the meanwhile.

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2024-01-06  | 2024-01-12     | Amend Fees bylaw to remove CNC training for non-members | Passed. 7 in favour, 1 did not participate. |
| 2024-01-08  | 2024-01-11     | Issue RFID key for member Kimberley Neilsen | Passed. 7 in favour, 1 did not participate. |

## Correspondence

* Thanks from Claremont Men's Shed for assistance with laser cutters.
  * We've been invited to pop over for a visit.

## Incident Reports

* Member sustained medical treatment injuries.
  * Incident report received from member.
  * Records on file with committee.
  * No changes to processes or procedures are required at this time.

## Property Report

* Fire equipment
  * Blankets good
  * 2 Extinguishers expire in April and will need to be replaced then (Kitchen/Design)
  * MR Extinguishers needs service

## Chairperson's Report

* Business as usual

## Treasurer's Report

* Finances stable.
* Stay conservative with spending as insurance bill is coming.

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

Balances as of 2024-01-17

| Account                       | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $2,611.27   |
| Sale Program                  | $112.05     |
| Sponsored Student Memberships | $2,380.16   |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $5,103.48   |

### Expenses for Approval

* Nil

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Full Membership for Joseph Castle            | Beau | Lewis | Accepted |
| Approve Full Membership for Dawn McIntosh            | Beau | Lewis | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership for Shannon Moylan     | Beau | Lewis | Accepted |
| Approve Band Membership for Hamish Bartsch                       | Beau | Lewis | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership for Konstantinos Servis-Nussbaum   | Beau | Lewis | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership for Cameron Davis                  | Beau | Lewis | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership for Sophie Murday                  | Beau | Lewis | Accepted |


## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* No external events
* Bunnings - invited to Easter event 21 March.
* ACTION - Fletcher - design a promotional banner.

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* JC sorting out new band.
* Air con fixed.

### Quartermasters

* Restock required.

### Membership Officer

* RFID key bond waived for Kimberley Nielsen.
  * Approved by Chair (Beau), Treasurer (Renae), and 2 other committee members (Fletcher and Lewis) as required [by bylaw](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/docs/policies/bylaws#rfid-keys-for-members).
* One pending key request (would normally be dealt with online but presented here due to timeline of meeting). Has attended multiple events.
  
| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve 24/7 key for Sophie Murday | Fletcher       | Beau          | Accepted |
  
  

### Membership Storage Officer

* Audit of pallet rack and locker storages complete.
* Storage spaces cleared up and messages sent to people who needed to clean up their storage.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

1. Big red controller has been upgraded. :tada:
2. Laser cutter training / authorization
    * Big red users need refresher training to learn what has changed after the upgrade.
    * ≈2/3rds of ≈40 eligible people have completed "fast track" refresher training.
    * Thanks Fletcher for committing substantial time for this re-training campaign.
    * Users who haven't maintained competency (based on recent usage history / training history), have been moved to a "training expired" status.
    * Refer: [List of Laser Operators](/docs/reports/Laser_operators)
3. Air dryer for Big Red donated by Steve.
    * We're in the process of getting this set up. Testing within the next week to confirm usefulness before we commit to machine changes. Machine would realistically be capable of drying most of our air requirements if we can nail the automation side.

### IT Subcommittee

* Largely business as usual
* Need in person opinions post meeting on camera positioning now that stage is gone
* Tom has been helpful as we adjust automations etc
* ZB mesh network has been expanded, issue with workshop lights appears to have been resolved

### Promotions Subcommittee

* See Events, above.

### Associate Memberships Panel

* Nothing to report.

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Stage deconstructed.

* Contents of electronics lab have been removed to prepare for roof repairs. Temporary electronics workstation set up in the project area.

* Band room door is no longer kept locked as all equipment is AF owned.

* Tool training policy / systems - see below

* Social area carpet replaced.

* ACTION - Fletcher - Contact Skot regarding aluminium trussing.

* Welding machines need repair

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
  * Business as usual
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) -
  * Ran but was fairly quiet (one of the hot days)

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae) -
  * New Year's Eve special event went well :tada: :fireworks:
  * Consistently seeing 10+ at events
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - 
  * Attendance small (steady), running well.

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -
  * See Other Business for further discussion

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -
  * Next running in Feb

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
  * Business as usual - space has been fairly active. :)
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
  * Significant turnout for first open day of the year. Translated into at least 3 sign ups.
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
  * Business as usual.
  * Look into procuring materials and consumables for welding and welding training, to enable more welding training.
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae) -
  * Quiet over Christmas, picking up again now
* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
  * Not scheduled.
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis) -
  * Working bee on 9th Dec (stage deconstruction) went well.
  * No event planned for January.

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### Western Leathercraft workshops

Refer Loomio thread - [Western Leathercraft class conditions](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/NnMHQKR9/western-leathercraft-class-conditions-).

Outcomes:

* Event bookings now need to be made through committee, so needs of Western Leathercraft events are coordinated with Artifactory events.
* Immediate concerns communicated via email and will be addressed.

Further discussions:

* Beau and Fletcher have clarified requirements in person this afternoon.

Changes being discussed in Loomio:

* Minimum attendance numbers for events.
* Financials of running events in our venue.

### Garage Sale

RE: selling excess equipment to a) make money and b) recover space.

Sell things which aren't owned by members, which we aren't using, and which we aren't likely to use.

First showing at Arduino U, give away consumables to members, small amounts for free, contributions for significant amounts. Also gives Arduino U people an opportunity to identify what's worth keeping and what's not.

Second - general garage sale open to the public.

Third - open to anyone to take, otherwise we dispose.


### Tool training / competency records

We have recently had a few near misses where lack of tool training was a contributing factor.

We need to change how we do tool training and assessment, without going over the top.

#### Proposed policy

Draft [training policy](/testing/drafts/training). 🟢🟡🔴

What stays the same:

* 🔴 tools have a tool-specific list of trainers. E.g. laser trainers are still a specific appointed list of people.
* 🔴 tools still require Artifactory specific training and assessment.

What changes:

* We need to maintain a list of every tool vs the 🟢🟡🔴 category. See [tool list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19nyCU9O5BlZ_-NMCTVj_YCgkSNRWerTCKvBf7bQnnJI/edit?usp=sharing).
* 🟡 and 🔴 tools need to be visibly marked.
* There will need to be an authorised set of trainers for 🟡 tools.
* People could previously use 🟡 tools with no checks. People will now need to be signed off to use 🟡 tools. 
* User-friendly way of checking and recording training has been developed to support this.

Benefits:

* No more confusion about who can use what tools. It is now tracked and easily checked.
* Opportunity to fill gaps in 🟡 tool training which would previously have gone un-noticed.
* Having a list of all our tools (in 🟢🟡🔴 categories) means that it is now very easy to answer enquiries about "do you have tool X" (one of our most common questions).

#### Administration

A Slack bot, [@Training Tracker](https://perart.io/check_training),

1. Lets anyone check their own training status easily, and
2. Lets authorised trainers modify training records easily.

Authorised trainers are appointed by adding them to a group (@trainers) on Slack. This gives them admin access to Training Tracker and adds them to the #infra_training channel.

Training bookings have been moved to a dedicated Slack channel (#training-and-inductions) which replaces all previous ways of booking training (e.g. #lasers, #tools-and-fabrication).

#### Implementation - 🟡 tools

Existing members will need to get signoffs for the tools they are already competent with.

Most members can go through the list of 🟡 tools with a trainer, and quickly agree which tools they are already competent with. This is doable in 10 minutes. All members have been very co-operative with this process so far.

This process also gives us a chance to reinforce correct practices with 🟡 tools and reinforce our [Code of Conduct](/docs/committee/code_of_conduct) re *Safe Use of Tools*.

Policy for this as follows:

> We recognise the negative short term impact the implementation of this system may have on existing members if they are unable to get quick access to a sign off on a tool they normally use. A grace period for medium-risk (yellow) tools that did not previously have a formal sign off is in place while we get everyone in the new system.
{.is-info}

#### Implementation - 🔴 tools

Existing operator lists for 🔴 tools have been imported.

We are also adding people who were missing off the existing lists.

Policy for this as follows:

> We began implementing this system in January 2024. If you were trained on a machine/tool prior to January 2024, and you are not listed as an authorised operator, please contact us to get your entry updated.
{.is-info}


#### Motion

Tegan departed the meeting at 14:05.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the draft Training policy, effective 2024-01-27 | Lewis       | Fletcher          | Accepted |
| Approve a grace period for users of medium risk tools (yellow category) from 2024-01-27 to 2024-05-01 | Lewis | Fletcher | Accepted |

#### Action items

* Update wiki - Lewis

* Make announcements regarding new policy, grace period - Lewis

* Advertise training slots - Fletcher

* Create / print / put up signage RE training policy - Lewis

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: 2024-03-23, 13:00 N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* ACTION - Fletcher - design a promotional banner for Bunnings and other events.
* ACTION - Fletcher - Contact Skot regarding aluminium trussing.
* ACTION - Lewis - Update wiki.
* ACTION - Lewis - Make announcements regarding new policy, grace period.
* ACTION - Fletcher - Advertise training slots.
* ACTION - Lewis - Create / print / put up signage RE training policy.