---
title: 2024-03-23
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-03-23T05:42:20.707Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-01-21T01:04:44.038Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-03-23

Previous meeting: [2024-01-20](/minutes/Committee/2024-01-20)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2024-03-23, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: Nil
* Absent: Nil
* Observing: Nil
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: JC.

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 1304.
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2024-01-20](/minutes/Committee/2024-01-20)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* ACTION - Fletcher - design a promotional banner for Bunnings and other events.
    * Design progressing, Not yet complete. (designs on Canva)
* ACTION - Fletcher - Contact Skot regarding aluminium trussing.
    * Complete. Follow up again.
* ACTION - Lewis - Update wiki (re training policy)
    * Complete.
* ACTION - Lewis - Make announcements regarding new policy, grace period.
    * Complete. We may want to send a further reminder.
* ACTION - Fletcher - Advertise training slots.
    * Complete.
* ACTION - Lewis - Create / print / put up signage RE training policy.
    * Complete.

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2024-02-21  | 2024-02-25     | Issue RFID key for member Alwyn Kyi | Passed. 5 in favour. 1 abstained. 2 did not participate. |
| 2024-02-14  | 2024-02-18     | Issue RFID key for member Zoe Williamson | Passed. 6 in favour. 2 did not participate. |
| 2024-02-04  | 2024-02-14     | Issue RFID key for member Jacob Monteath | Passed. 7 in favour. 1 did not participate. |
| 2024-01-30  | 2024-02-02     | Motion: From March 1st set workshop fees to $15 per non member for events ran by Western Leathercraft with a 3 person minimum. | Passed. 6 in favour. 2 did not participate. |

## Correspondence

* Rebecca Kempin re community service announcements on local radio.
    * Tegan assisting.

## Incident Reports

* None to report

## Property Report

* Asbestos inspection scheduled for Monday

## Chairperson's Report

N/A, new chairperson.

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

| Account                       | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $4,690.11 |
| Sale Program                  | $112.05 |
| Sponsored Student Memberships | $2,320.16 |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $7,123.11 |

NOTE: Figure does not include $1,522 of pledges collected and set aside for 3D printer purchase

Insurance $3,062 due end of month. Short term funds raised by converting some members to annual invoices payable in March. 2 x full and 2 x concession members have agreed to this, ($2,880) the 2 concession memberships have been paid at date of calculation. 

Our other significant annual expense hits when our lease outgoings are recalculated for the year. Last October this resulted in us backpaying $1,381.20 as the difference between actual and estimated outgoings for that year. This has varied in previous years, but I think we need to be prepared for this increase in costs to continue in the next few years.

The committee authorises Fletcher and Renae to open a 2-to-sign bank account, either with NAB or Beyond Bank.

The committee authorises Fletcher and Renae to open interest-earning accounts to hold funds not needed for immediate purposes.

### Expenses for Approval

* EXPENSES

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

Fletch + Renae

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Full Membership for Adam Gardner | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted/Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Wayne Bicknell | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Lorna McVey | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Jen Miller (Note: Since resigned) | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Alwyn Kyi | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted/Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Joseph Castle | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Dawn McIntosh | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* Business as usual

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* Business as usual
* Rehearsal room advertised in FB - attracted significant number of enquiries.

### Quartermasters

* Business as usual

### Membership Officers

* Business as usual

### Membership Storage Officer

The position of Membership Storage Officer is now vacant.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Camera calibration delayed, progress has been made though

### IT Subcommittee

* Home Assistant stuff continues

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Nothing to report

### Associate Memberships Panel

* Nothing to report

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Z-lab ceiling progressing.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae) -
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - Business as usual.

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -
* Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot*, Stewbags*) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae) - Business as usual
* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis) -

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### Appoint New Chairperson

Beau has resigned as Chairperson and stepped down from the committee effective 2024-03-17.

Thank you to Beau for his 3.5 years of service as the Vice Chair and then Chairperson of the Artifactory.

Fletcher asked for expressions of interest for chairperson.

JC volunteered.

JC elected unopposed.

JC assumed chair duties for the meeting.

### Strategy 2024

[Google Drive - Strategy 2024](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L71OiuLCcG3AiI7LkuQprMFc33EjHn5_cNXyPzYhzlM/edit?usp=sharing) (Committee access only)

* Grant applications
    * Ben expressed interest in writing grants. Ben thinks he can do this efficiently himself with some assistance from others when he needs it. JC offers to assist.
    * Renae would like to engage with general membership to assist.
    * JC proposes coordinating via Slack.

* Donations
    * We are DGR now
    * Spondy has email in draft to fundraise from current and former members - get this out before Tax Time.
    * Action - Spondy - send draft letter to Ben for editing
    * Another email in draft to seek benevolent donations.
    * Seek ongoing benevolent donations e.g. "Patreon".
    * Page on our website RE how to donate to us. Make it easy i.e. payment portal. I.e. online webstore.
    * Fletcher and Spondy will look into creating "Support Us" page on website that makes donating very easy, including recurring donations.


* Sponsorships from suppliers -
    * Related to our activities - highly targeted advertising - good value proposition.
    * i.e. "your logo on our laser cutter",
    * "your logo on our wood lathe" i.e. advertising for suppliers related to our activities.
    * Great idea - let's revisit when we have more available resources.

* 
    
    
    



## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* ACTION - Fletcher - design a promotional banner for Bunnings and other events.
