---
title: 2024-09-28
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-11-13T13:09:23.747Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-09-15T01:04:10.441Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-09-28

Previous meeting: [2024-09-14](/minutes/Committee/2024-09-14)

Next meeting: [2024-11-09](/minutes/Committee/2024-11-16)

Scheduled start: 2024-09-28, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies:
    * Renae Currie
* Absent: Nil
* Observing: Nil
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: JC

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 13:02
* Closed: 14:03

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2024-09-14](/minutes/Committee/2024-09-14)

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept previous meeting minutes | JC | Fletcher | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* ❓ Fletcher - band membership phase out to band subscription. - Not actioned
* ❓ Spondy and Fletcher - Sheet storage audit is due - Not actioned
* ❓ Renae and Fletcher - finish writing induction checklists - Not actioned
* ❓ Fletcher - investigate what happens if we withdraw from our Meetup subscription - Not actioned
* ❓ JC - Contact PLUG event hosts regarding event host responsibilities - Not actioned
* ❓ Renae, Ben, Lewis, Fletcher - draft proposal for revised payment authorisations policy - On hold
* ✅ All - upload photos for use in annual report
* ✅ All - provide input to the draft words of the annual report

### Review Online Motions

> Loomio down at time of writing - unable to pull this information.
{.is-warning}

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

- Routine public building inspection email from City of Stirling.
  - Discussed with the Executive team; JC and Fletcher have prepared in person.
  - Fletcher to organise/organised the inspection date and time.
    - Booked late October, we're ready.
    - Schedule a cleanup day prior to this. Potentially quarterly thereafter. JC to organise.

## Incident Reports

* Code of conduct report - see Other Business

## Property Report

* Nothing to report

## Chairperson's Report

- Following the AGM meeting, feedback from members was overall positive, though there was a request for more transparency on how committee decisions are made.
- It was good to meet new members over the following week and observe how training and inductions impacted them.
- New members have been cautious when using yellow/red tools, often asking for a second opinion or supervision.
- It’s great to see members refer others to the Artifactory, as seen from random visitors after the AGM on Saturday. Thank you to those who help spread the word.

## Treasurer's Report

Renae thanks Ben for preparing the Treasurer's report in her absence this month.

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

| Account                       | Balance as at 31/8/24    |
| ------------------------------------- | ---------  |
| Operations (9448)                     | $13,693.22 |
| Sponsored Student Memberships (3366)  | $3,080.16  |
| Sale Program (9474)						        | $0         |
| Donations (7500)                      | $30,000.00 |
| TOTAL                                 | $46,773.38 |

### Income/Expenditure - August 2024

| -------------------------- | -------------- |
| **INCOME (AUD)**           |                |
| Donations                  | $4,948.46      |
| Membership                 | $6,715.55      |
| Drinks/Snacks              | $2,069.75      |
| Casual, Events             | $92.86         |
| Tool Use                   | $238.59        |
| Fundraising                | $298.39        |	
| Bond Received							 | $225.00        |
| **Total Income**           | **$14,588.60** |
|                            |                |
| **EXPENSES (AUD)**         |                |
| Lease and running costs    | $5,669.05      |
| Equipment/Infrastructure   | $146.00        |
| Tool Purchases             | $3,158.41      |
| Drinks/Snacks              | $718.75        |
| Promotional Expenses       | $184.05        |
| **Total Expenses**         | **$9,876.26**  |
|                            |                |
| **NET INCOME (AUD)**       | **$4,712.34**  |


### Monthly Expenses  - August 2024

| Date       | Cost   | Supplier       | Item           |Authorisation     |Category        |
|------------|--------|---------------|--------------|--------------|-------|
| 26/08/2024 | 39.85	| NAB           | Bank fees     |Treasurer	|Admin - Bank Fees|
| 26/08/2024 | 183.7	| Instant Waste	| Waste	|Treasurer	|Admin - Waste|
| 26/08/2024 | 890    | TidyHQ        | TidyHQ renewal	|Treasurer	|Admin - Membership maintenance|
| 16/08/2024 | 14.41  | Jaycar        | Bandsaw repair | Infra sub	|Tool Repairs/Consumables  |
| 16/08/2024 | 4350.5	| Prime Property Agency Pty Ltd	| Lease etc	|Treasurer	|Lease+Variable Outgoings|
| 16/08/2024 | 119    | Pentanet      | Internet	|Treasurer	|Admin - Internet|
| 16/08/2024 | 146    | Cloudray Laser Solutions | Laser goggles | Meeting - [2024-08-10](minutes/Committee/2024-08-10)	|Equipment Purchases/Sales|
| 16/08/2024 | 158.41 | Hose Mart     | Router mist fittings | Pledged	|Tool Purchases/Sales|
| 06/08/2024 | 3000   | Marketplace   | Fibre Laser | Pledged	|Tool Purchases/Sales|
| 06/08/2024 | 718.75 | Costco        | Bar restock | Quartermaster |Drinks/Snacks|
| 06/08/2024 | 65.55  | Bunnings      | Course materials | Loomio - 15/7/24	|Event - WWW course|
| 06/08/2024 | 86     | Aussie Broadband | Internet | Treasurer	|Admin - Internet|
| 06/08/2024 | 175    | Pride Western Australia Inc	| Market Stall |Loomio 31/7/24	|Promotional Expenses|
| 06/08/2024 | 9.05   | NAB           | Transaction fee	|Treasurer	|Promotional Expenses|


### Expenses for Approval  - August 2024

* EXPENSES

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| - | -       | -          | - |

### Infrastructure fund  - 31 August 2024

|      **Fund Balance:** | $10,856.64 | |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Opening Balance: | $8,506.64 | |
| Donations Received: | $1,175.00 | - Matched by Initial Donor|
| Donations Matched: | $1,175.00 | |
| Funds Spent: | $0.00


### Due invoices - 28 September 2024


| Total amount outstanding | $9,550.00    |         |
| Age | Number of invoices    | Amount       |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | 
| Not yet due | 63       | $4,915.00          | 
| <1 month | 21       | $1,730.00          | 
| 1-3 months | 16       | $1,735.00          | 
| >3 months | 4       | $1,170.00          | 

## Membership Report

### Current Status

As at 2024-09-27

| Class      | This month | Last month | Diff |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---- |
| Full       | 61         | 56         | +5   |
| Concession | 35         | 34         | +1   |
| Band       |  2         | 3          | -1   |
| **TOTAL**  | 98         | 93         | +5   |

### New Memberships for approval

* Full
  * Simon Haynes
  * James Caska
  * Benjamin Turner
  * Veronika Metcalf
  * Joel Genefaas
  * Richard Mogie
  * Callum Hall
  * Leon TuRaspberry Pin
* Concession
  * Allison Peaty
  * Audrey Lord
  
| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept all new membership applications | Lewis | JC | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

- Possum Box Construction Day: There’s potential to plan this as a community group event.
  - Awaiting the return of a Lead person to arrange further discussions.
  - JC following up.

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

- Down to 2 bands.
- Otherwise business as usual

### Quartermasters

- Vending machine has made life easier

### Membership Officers

- Business as usual

### Membership Storage Officer

- Storage requests are being met in a timely fashion

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* 🟢 General maintenance ongoing
  * 🟢 One new attendee
* 🟡 Fibre laser commissioning continues

### IT Subcommittee

* 🟡 Loomio outage, resolved
  * 🟢 Hardware on the way to reduce server load (NVR)

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Business as usual

### Associate Memberships Panel

* Nothing to report

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* New bandsaw in service
* New thicknesser needs work
* New wood lathe in place
* Drill press repaired

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* 🟢 Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Business as usual
* 🟢 Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) - Ran.

### Social

* 🟢 Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae) - Ran, good attendance.
* 🟢 Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - Ran.

### Cosplay and Craft

* 🟢 Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) - Not scheduled

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -

### General

* 🟢 General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Business as usual
* 🟢 Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Busy
* 🟢 Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) - Ran, quiet.
  * Mutated into Metal and Mechanical Monday.
  * Push 3D printing training into this event as well - drive attendance.
* 🟢 Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae) - 2 new memberships this month. Quiet but positive

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### Fridge + Vending Machine

* Committee has delegated the development of policies to manage compliance related to service of alcohol to Fletcher and Renae.
  * Report back at the next meeting.

### Loomio

From JC:

Management committee polls and sense checks : feasibility to make public to members, after decisions are finalised.

* Renae (absentee input):
  * All decisions are documented in committee meeting minutes, perhaps post link to minutes once finalised in general channel?

Set specific dates/times for committee decisions and polls (e.g., expense approvals on specific days) to ensure all members know when to check. This is in contrast to alerts, which may come at inconvenient times.)

* Renae (absentee input):
  * Very inconvenient to restrict expense approval polls creation to specific days - this is usually volunteers putting in their own time to get needed items for the space. If you just set up alerts on #committee_important you get notified of new polls with a link to vote - leave the alert visible until it is convenient for you to vote? It is critical that expense polls are raised in a timely fashion.

### Code of conduct report

See original report and discussion in [Loomio](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/J61DSWpu/code-of-conduct-report-rami-nakamura-by-sophie-murday) (confidential - committee only).

Decision required on issuing a RFID key to one of the involved people, whether deferred to review at a later time, or refused.

Discussed and referred back to Loomio. JC will draft. Fletcher will assist.



### Annual review of event fees

Renae:

Propose to review event fees annually, to ensure we are clear on who pays what.
As casual fees have gone up to $20, my proposal is:

| Event              | Current | Proposed | Communication |
| ------------------ | ------- | -------- | ------------- |
| ModSynth           | unknown | $15 per person direct deposit only | Fletcher to communicate, including expectations going forwards. |
| Arduino U          | $10 | No increase | Renae to communicate to Blake |
| PLUG               | $5 | No increase | Renae to communicate to Nick |
| Leathercraft       | $15 | $20 | Ren to communicate to Andrew | 
| Metal Monday       | $15 | $20 | Lewis to update calendar ✅, Meetup ✅. Also update event description. |
| Social Wednesday   | $15 | $20 | Lewis to update calendar ✅ + RSVP template ✅, Meetup ❌ (event isn't on Meetup) |
| Woodwork Wednesday | $15 | $20 | Lewis to update calendar ✅, Meetup ❌ (event isn't on Meetup) |
| Board Games        | $5 | No increase | No communication required |
| Laser Maintenance   | ? | $0 | Fletcher to communicate with Blake |
| Open Day           | $0 | No increase | No communication required |
| General Hacking    | $15 | $20 | Fletcher to update calendar ✅, Meetup ✅ |

Also need to update day pass rate everywhere else.
* Website - Fletcher
* Wiki (search to make sure we got them all) - Lewis - ✅ changed in the obvious place on the [fees](/docs/policies/fees) page
* Meetup - Lewis ✅

### Annual nominations for honorary memberships

Renae:

These are designed to keep people who have made significant contributions connected to the space while they are not able to maintain memberships.

Includes -
* Waived day pass rate 1× a month.
* Waived door fee (not food fee) for Social Wednesdays.
* Explicitly not a membership and confers no membership benefits.

2024/25 Nominations -

- Bruce Chambers
- Beau Scott

Lewis - Implementation details? Define more in a Loomio.

### Visitor memberships

Renae:

We need to communicate more clearly that casual users need to sign up in our system as visitors before touching any tools. This covers their liability waivers etc.

Not sure whether this needs to include Arduino attendees.

Fletcher - will add a link to visitor sign up to the "Plan your first visit" page.

Big QR code that links to it, somewhere in the space.

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: 2024-11-16, 12:00 ? weeks

Minutes: [2024-11-16](/minutes/Committee/2024-11-16)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
