---
title: 2024-07-13
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-07-10T07:16:36.826Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-06-09T01:00:16.795Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-07-13

Previous meeting: [2024-06-08](/minutes/Committee/2024-06-08)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2024-07-13, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2024-06-08](/minutes/Committee/2024-06-08)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES

* Action item

### Review Online Motions

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> As per our bylaw on [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions), 
>
> *The details of each online motion must be recorded in the minutes of the next committee meeting. The details recorded must include:*
> - *The full text of the online motion; and*
> - *The result of the online motion, e.g. passed, failed, lapsed, or withdrawn.*
>
> You can get the text and results of online motions by copy pasting out of Loomio.
>
> Also note that the start of a committee meeting causes all outstanding online motions to lapse.
{.is-info}


| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

## Incident Reports

Drill Press incident - has this been actioned?

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

Significant one-off income this month: Mainly infrastructure donations and Women's Woodworking Course fees.
Low membership income from last month recouped this month, natural variation due to due date being on month cutoff.
Reconciliation of accounts has started, hoping to complete before next month's meeting.

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Login to our online banking (NAB) and report on the balance of our 3 main bank accounts.
{.is-info}

| Account                       | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Sale Program                  | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Sponsored Student Memberships | $xxx,xxx.xx |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $xxx,xxx.xx |

### Income/Expenditure

#### Insert Table here


### Expense Report

Intention is to include all expenses for the month to improve financial accountablilty.
Authorisations need to be updated, as they do not currently cover some situations where the money has been directly collected for that purpose. This includes Pledges and Talkshop event food. Discussion in general business.

It will take some time to calculate the money paid out in these categories, and a vote will be raised to cover it.
Please be careful to get the total amount right when raising pledges. You need to account for delivery fees, GST and any international transaction fees. TidyHQ fees can be accounted for separately under our general income.

#### Insert Table here


### Expenses for Approval

* EXPENSES

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

$5,650 Outstanding (not including pledged donations), 
$3,280 Overdue Invoices (down from $5,865 last month)

Thank you to those who helped negotiate with long-standing members.
Continuing significant efforts to communicate with members who do not pay their invoices on time, explaining the cost of volunteer time in following them up.
The new member induction will start helping next month.
Concern that new members are not always being invoiced for their second month in a timely manner.



## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Go through the #committee-bank channel and check for any new memberships that we haven't approved yet.
>
> Add a motion to the below table for each such member, e.g. "Approve Full Membership for Jane Citizen".
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

Request from member to stock small packs of UHT milk.
* 6 pack of 200ml UHT milk is $6 ($1.00/ea) [from Coles](https://www.coles.com.au/product/devondale-uht-full-cream-multipack-milk-200ml-6-pack-5984520)
* We could sell for $2.00 ea
* Provides healthy alternative to soft drinks

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### 3D printing Subcommittee

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Phoebe) -
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - 

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -
* Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot*, Stewbags*) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae) - Running as usual, thanks to Penny for assisting 
* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis) -

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}

### Supanova - post-event report

### Upcycle rack

Discussion in Slack #virtual-upcycle-bench.

Variety of suggestions including -

* Keep as is - periodic purge
* Delete the upcycle rack - go virtual only
* Require approval to put items into upcycle rack
* Date of entry for items going into upcycle rack - items "expire" after 1 month

Inspiration from elsewhere: https://wiki.pumpingstationone.org/wiki/Tidy_Space_Policy#Salvage

### Financial authorisations 

324We are already seeing a significant increase in the money going through our accounts since our DGR approval, I want us to hold ourselves to a high standard of financial accountability. 

The current authorisations are insufficient to effectively meet our responsibilities. 

The current authority bylaw is:
Our subcommittees do not operate or report the same way they did when the bylaw is drafted.
We need to decide on authorisatiin procedure for Pledges and Talkshop food.
Loomio is working well for voting, looking to output a report on expenditure authorisations.
Are we happy with giving retrospective approval? Seems like it is overused at the moment.
Consider issuing Eftpos cards to more officebearers to avoid money going directly from Artifactory to committee members (bad look). How would we manage this?

### Set date for AGM

* Propose to have our AGM on Saturday 14th September 2024
    * Notices must be sent out 21 days before - Fri 23rd August.
* This (nearly) aligns with the Artifactory's 15th birthday
    * *First meeting at Mt Lawley HJ's - 15th Sept 2009.*
* Consider doing something special after the AGM for our 15th birthday. :)

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Set date and time for Annual General Meeting to 1pm on Saturday 14th September 2024 | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

#### Action items

> We must hold our AGM within 3 months of the end of our financial year i.e. by 30th Sept.
>
> If we are proposing a special resolution we must send out the AGM notice 21 days before the AGM.
> 
> We must call for nominations to the committee at least 21 days before the AGM.
{.is-info}

* Lewis - Draft text for any changes we want to make to constitution (if any).
* Lewis - Draft the notices and forms for the AGM.
* Lewis - Send out the notices and forms for the AGM **no later than** 5pm on Fri Aug 23rd.

### Annual report

* Preparation of 2023-2024 annual report has started.
* Please provide **input to the draft words** on [Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rwISxYgRVpHkyNG1T-ASWbGUuxdGA-tPH9MORIF545k/edit?usp=sharing) (link requires committee login)
* Please **upload any photos** you have of the space, people, projects.
    * Instructions: [Uploading images](/docs/committee/uploading-images).



### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
