---
title: 2024-08-10
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-08-07T02:58:38.521Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-08-02T01:05:24.818Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-08-10

Previous meeting: [2024-07-13](/minutes/Committee/2024-07-13)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2024-08-10, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2024-07-13](/minutes/Committee/2024-07-13)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* Fletcher - band membership phase out to band subscription.
* Spondy and Fletcher - Sheet storage audit is due.
* Renae and Fletcher - finish writing induction checklists.

* Finalise policy  / guidance with regards to conflict of interest for trainers
* Draft proposal regarding tool training refresher policy

* Restock the first aid cabinet
* Spondy - email Vistaprint re flyers
* Fletcher - investigate what happens if we withdraw from our Meetup subscription
* Fletcher and Ben - Test Swarf-XL and start coming up with training materials
* Renae and Fletcher - discuss training / policy changes requried for new bandsaw
* JC - Contact PLUG event hosts regarding event host responsibilities
* JC and Ben - discuss Metal Monday ideas
* ✅ Spondy - add PCBWay sponsor logo  to website
* Loomio for Upcycle rack management
* Renae, Ben, Lewis, Fletcher - draft proposal for revised payment authorisations policy

* Lewis - prepare drafts of notifications for AGM
* Lewis - Draft the notices and forms for the AGM.
* Lewis - Send out the notices and forms for the AGM **no later than** 5pm on Fri Aug 23rd.

* All - upload photos for use in annual report
* All - provide input to the draft words of the annual report


* Action item

### Review Online Motions

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> As per our bylaw on [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions), 
>
> *The details of each online motion must be recorded in the minutes of the next committee meeting. The details recorded must include:*
> - *The full text of the online motion; and*
> - *The result of the online motion, e.g. passed, failed, lapsed, or withdrawn.*
>
> You can get the text and results of online motions by copy pasting out of Loomio.
>
> Also note that the start of a committee meeting causes all outstanding online motions to lapse.
{.is-info}


| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

## Incident Reports

* INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

## Treasurer's Report

Another positive month for the space, with strong membership payments and improved timely payment from members.
A number of big tool purchases during the month funded by member donations: 3D Scanner, Wood Bandsaw, Track Saw and Soldering Station.
Significant income from SupaNova - Over $4,000.


The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Login to our online banking (NAB) and report on the balance of our 3 main bank accounts.
{.is-info}

| Account                       | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Sale Program                  | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Sponsored Student Memberships | $xxx,xxx.xx |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $xxx,xxx.xx |

### Income/Expenditure

| -------------------------- | ---------- |
| **INCOME (AUD)**           |            |
| Donations                  | $4,537.94  |
| Membership                 | $5,902.82  |
| Drinks/Snacks              | $Waiting on Fletcher  |
| Casual                     | $$Waiting on Fletcher    |
| Tool Use                   | $301    |
| Fundraising                 | $4,154.00|
| **Total Income**           | $$Waiting on Fletcher  |
|                            |            |
| **EXPENSES (AUD)**         |            |
| Lease and running costs    | $5,736.74  |
| Equipment/Infrastructure   | $1,083.19  |
| Tool Purchases     | $4,133.00|
| Drinks/Snacks              | $555.19   |
| Fundraising Expenses       | $344.89    |
| **Total Expenses**         | $12,500 |
|                            |            |
| **NET INCOME (AUD)**       | $Waiting on Fletcher |

### Expenses for Approval

* EXPENSES

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Retrospective Approval for $57.87 for Supanova Fuel (Renae's Card) | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |
| Retrospective Approval for $310.75 for Meetup Subscription (inc Bank Fees) (Fletcher's card) | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Go through the #committee-bank channel and check for any new memberships that we haven't approved yet.
>
> Add a motion to the below table for each such member, e.g. "Approve Full Membership for Jane Citizen".
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Phoebe) -
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - 

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -
* Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot*, Stewbags*) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae) - Business as usual 
* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis) -

### Other

(new and once off events)

### Women's Furniture Making (Renae/Penny) - 
Course ran extremely well. Final costs were $1,030.20, Income received $1843.03. Profit $813.20
One-off costs of $165 for course design. One-off sponsorship of materials from Bunnings reduced costs.
Standard Course costs would be $800, Income $1500. Profit $700.
One-off costs of $200 for a second pocket hole jig needed for future courses.
Course can easily be run again, pending discussion about impact on members.
Two members have enquired about booking friends/relatives on future courses.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
