---
title: 2024-09-28
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-09-27T01:59:50.787Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-09-15T01:04:10.441Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-09-28

Previous meeting: [2024-09-14](/minutes/Committee/2024-09-14)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2024-09-28, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2024-09-14](/minutes/Committee/2024-09-14)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

No action items from previous meeting
* Action item

### Review Online Motions

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> As per our bylaw on [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions), 
>
> *The details of each online motion must be recorded in the minutes of the next committee meeting. The details recorded must include:*
> - *The full text of the online motion; and*
> - *The result of the online motion, e.g. passed, failed, lapsed, or withdrawn.*
>
> You can get the text and results of online motions by copy pasting out of Loomio.
>
> Also note that the start of a committee meeting causes all outstanding online motions to lapse.
{.is-info}


| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

- Routine public building inspection email from City of Stirling.
  - Discussed with the Executive team; JC and Fletcher have prepared in person.
  - Fletcher to organise/organised the inspection date and time.

## Incident Reports

* Code of conduct report - see Other Business

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

- Following the AGM meeting, feedback from members was overall positive, though there was a request for more transparency on how committee decisions are made.
- It was good to meet new members over the following week and observe how training and inductions impacted them.
- New members have been cautious when using yellow/red tools, often asking for a second opinion or supervision.
- It’s great to see members refer others to the Artifactory, as seen from random visitors after the AGM on Saturday. Thank you to those who help spread the word.
- 
## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Login to our online banking (NAB) and report on the balance of our 3 main bank accounts.
{.is-info}

| Account                       | Balance as at 31/8/24    |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations (9448)             | $13,693.22  |
| Sponsored Student Memberships (3366)           | $3,080.16   |
| Sale Program (9474)								 | $0 |
| Infrastructure fund                              | $30,000.00            |
| TOTAL                         | $46,773.38 |

### Income/Expenditure - August 2024

| -------------------------- | -------------- |
| **INCOME (AUD)**           |                |
| Donations                  | $4,948.46      |
| Membership                 | $6,715.55      |
| Drinks/Snacks              | $2,069.75      |
| Casual, Events             | $92.86         |
| Tool Use                   | $238.59        |
| Fundraising                | $298.39        |	
| Bond Received							 | $225.00           |
| **Total Income**           | **$14,588.60** |
|                            |                |
| **EXPENSES (AUD)**         |                |
| Lease and running costs    | $5,669.05      |
| Equipment/Infrastructure   | $146.00      |
| Tool Purchases             | $3,158.41      |
| Drinks/Snacks              | $718.75        |
| Promotional Expenses       | $184.05        |
| **Total Expenses**         | **$9,876.26** |
|                            |                |
| **NET INCOME (AUD)**       | **$4,712.34**  |


### Monthly Expenses  - August 2024

| Date | Cost    | Supplier      | Item           |Authorisation     |Category        |
|-----------|---------|--------------|--------------|--------------|-------|
|26/08/2024	|39.85	|NAB	|Bank fees	|Treasurer	|Admin - Bank Fees|
|26/08/2024	|183.7	|Instant Waste	|Waste	|Treasurer	|Admin - Waste|
|26/08/2024	|890	|TidyHQ	|TidyHQ renewal	|***	|Admin - Membership maintenance|
|16/08/2024	|14.41	|Jaycar		| | Infra sub	|Tool Repairs/Consumables  |
|16/08/2024	|4350.5	|Prime Property Agency Pty Ltd	|Lease etc	|Treasurer	|Lease+Variable Outgoings|
|16/08/2024	|119	|Pentanet	|Internet	|Treasurer	|Admin - Internet|
|16/08/2024	|146	|Cloudray Laser Solutions	|Laser goggles	|***	|Equipment Purchases/Sales|
|16/08/2024	|158.41	|Hose Mart		| ?? | Pledged	|Tool Purchases/Sales|
|6/08/2024	|3000	|Marketplace		| ?? | Pledged	|Tool Purchases/Sales|
|6/08/2024	|718.75	|Costco		| |***	|Drinks/Snacks|
|6/08/2024	|65.55	|Bunnings		|Loomio |15/7/24	|Event - WWW course|
|6/08/2024	|86	|Aussie Broadband		| ?? | Treasurer	|Admin - Internet|
|6/08/2024	|175	|Pride Western Australia Inc	| ??	|Loomio 31/7/24	|Promotional Expenses|
|6/08/2024	|9.05	|NAB	| ??	|Treasurer	|Promotional Expenses|


### Expenses for Approval  - August 2024

* EXPENSES

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Infrastructure fund  - 30 August 2024

|      **Fund Balance:** | **** | |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Donations Received: | $ | - Matched by Initial Donor|
| Funds Received: | $ | |
| Funds Spent: | $ | |


### Due invoices
* Total omount outstanding
* Total amount overdue

## Membership Report

### Current Status

### New Memberships for approval

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Go through the #committee-bank channel and check for any new memberships that we haven't approved yet.
>
> Add a motion to the below table for each such member, e.g. "Approve Full Membership for Jane Citizen".
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

- Possum Box Construction Day: There’s potential to plan this as a community group event.
  - Awaiting the return of a Lead person to arrange further discussions.

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Phoebe) -
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - 

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -
* Noizemaschin!! (Coordinators: Stuart*, Tim*, Skot*, Stewbags*) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae) - 2 new memberships this month. Quiet but positive
* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis) -

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### Fridge + Vending Machine

Discussion on programming and stock allocation.
- Restocking currently done by Anthony on Thursdays

### Loomio

From JC:

- Management committee polls and sense checks : feasibility to make public to members, after decisions are finalised.
Ren (absentee input) -All decisions are documented in committee meeting minutes, perhaps post link to minutes once finalised in general channel?

- Set specific dates/times for committee decisions and polls (e.g., expense approvals on specific days) to ensure all members know when to check. This is in contrast to alerts, which may come at inconvenient times.)
Ren (absentee input) - very inconvenient to restrict expense approval polls creation to specific days - this is usually volunteers putting in their own time to get needed items for the space. If you just set up alerts on #committee_important you get notified of new polls with a link to vote - leave the alert visible until it is convenient for you to vote? It is critical that expense polls are raised in a timely fashion.

### Code of conduct report

See original report and discussion in [Loomio](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/J61DSWpu/code-of-conduct-report-rami-nakamura-by-sophie-murday) (confidential - committee only).

Decision required on issuing a RFID key to one of the involved people, whether deferred to review at a later time, or refused.

### Annual review of event fees (Ren)

Propose to review event fees annually, to ensure we are clear on who pays what.
As casual fees have gone up to $20, my proposal is:

| Event | Current | Proposed | Communication |
| ----- | ------- | -------- | ------------- |
| Modsynth    | unknown | $15 per person direct deposit only | Fletcher to communicate? do we need a notice period for increase?
| Arduino U          | $10 | No increase | Ren to communicate to Blake
| PLUG               | $5 | No increase | Ren to communicate to Nick
| Leathercraft       | $15 | $20 | Ren to communicate to Andrew
| Metal Monday       | $15 | $20 | ? to update calendar
| Social Wednesday   | $15 | $20 | ? to update calendar + RSVP template |
| Woodwork Wednesday | $15 | $20 | ? to update calendar
| Board Games        | $5 | No increase | No communication required |
| Laser Maintenace   | ? | $0 | Fletcher to communicate with Blake |
| Open Day           | $0 | No increase | No communication required |
| General Hacking    | $15 | $20 | ? to update calendar |

### Annual nominations for honorary memberships (Ren)

These are designed to keep people who have made significant contributions connected to the space while they are not able to maintain memberships.

Includes:
* Waived day pass rate 1x a month
* Waived door fee (not food fee) for social wednesdays
* Explicitly not a membership and confers no membership benefits

2024/25 Nominations
- Bruce
- Beau

### Visitor memberships (Ren)

We need to communicate more clearly that casual users need to sign up in our system as visitors before touching any tools. This covers their liability waivers etc.
Not sure whether this needs to include Arduino attendees

### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
