---
title: 2024-04-13
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-04-13T05:30:17.034Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-04-10T02:23:59.730Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-04-13

Previous meeting: [2024-03-24](/minutes/Committee/2024-03-24)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2024-04-13, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: Nil
* Absent: Nil
* Observing: Tom White (Invited by Fletcher and no committee member objected)
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: JC

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 1305
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2024-03-24](/minutes/Committee/2024-03-24)

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept previous meeting's minutes | Fletcher       | JC          | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* ACTION - Fletcher - design a promotional banner for Bunnings and other events.
  * Design for banner ready for approval.

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2024-03-30  | 2024-04-03     | Approve $120 to replace toilet cistern | 7 in favour. (Unanimous.) Passed. |
| 2024-03-28  | 2024-03-31     | Issue RFID key for member Adam Gardner | 6 in favour. 1 did not participate. Passed. |
| 2024-03-25  | 2024-03-28     | Authorise Renae to spend up to $250 on materials to complete the electronics lab ceiling repair | 7 in favour. (Unanimous.) Passed. |

## Correspondence

* Prusa have reached out regarding running a meetup in the space.
* Worksafe dropped in to follow up on a report. They determined that the report was without merit. (See other business)

## Incident Reports

* Door left open while no-one monitoring entry to the space.

## Property Report

* Asbestos audit completed. No formal results yet but coating under the sink is positive and likely the bathroom ceilings

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Login to our online banking (NAB) and report on the balance of our 3 main bank accounts.
{.is-info}

| Account                       | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $6,768      |
| Donations                     | $20,000     |
| Sponsored Student Memberships | $2,395      |
| Sale Program                  | $0          |
| TOTAL                         | $29,163.55  |

We have received two significant anonymous donations during the month, totalling $20,000. $10,000  will be used for contingency  funds while we implement changes to move the space back to a profitable (sustainable) position. The other $10,000 has been offered to match other donations to an infrastructure improvement fund. Further discussion on this in other business. Thank you to those involved in reaching out to your networks. 

Conversion of a few members to annual memberships will time extra income to March each year when our insurance comes due. Obviously there will be a corresponding drop in monthly income for the remainder of the year, but so far we are looking okay for the next few months without dipping into the major donations. 


### Expenses for Approval

* $100|$170 for curtains to cover pallet racks during some events.
  * Cost is either $46/rack if using two per rack or $84 for wider. (latter would look neater but may be harder for a single person to put up)
  
* $138.20 for shelving for electronics lab

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Authorise up to $200 for curtains to cover pallet racking during events. | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |
| Authorise reimbursement of $138.20 for shelving for electronics lab. | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |
| Authorise up to $40 for 30 new drinking glasses to be Artifactory branded in advance of Prusa event | Mover | Seconder | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

* None at this time

## Membership Report

### Current Status

* Full: 43
* Concession: 29
* Band: 4
* Total: 76

* ~ 10 members with invoices > 30 days overdue

### New Memberships for approval

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Concession Membership for Erica Peter | MOVER | SECONDER | STATUS |
| Approve Band Membership for Stuart Betts | MOVER | SECONDER | STATUS |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* Major effort currently underway to prepare for Prusa workshop on Tuesday 23rd April. Event ticketing exhausted within 24 hours of being advertised.

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* Key request from Charles Owens

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Issue RFID key for member Charles Owens | MOVER | SECONDER | STATUS |

### Membership Storage Officer

* All storage requests are currently being met without issues.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Big Red requires lid modification to make camera more practical, no solid plan yet and no expenditure required for now. (raised since camera mod was fundraised)
* Some interest from members in maintenance, didn't translate into attendance at maintenance night

### IT Subcommittee

* Business as usual

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Women's toilet - lead: Renae.
  * Cistern replaced, stop cock now leaking. Repair to wall behind cistern required as sections of bare plaster remain.
* Z-Lab ceiling - lead: Renae
  * Plastering and painting complete, thank you Ben Moore
* Electronics lab rebuild - lead: Fletcher
  * Sorting of components has commenced, bench is functional again
  * 3D printing is outgrowing design lab, suggest adapting part of electronics to accommodate. Electronics stakeholders are onboard.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Largely business as usual.
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) - No report

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Phoebe) - Attendance steady
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - Business as usual, attendance small but steady

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) - Sunday sessions run over school holidays. no issues reported

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) - No issues reported

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Open day was well received. First trial of new "orientation" flyers.
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae)
  * Continues with the usual 3-5 participants (2xcasual, 1xmembership + Penny and Renae.) 
* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Did not run
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis) - Did not run

### Other

Nothing to report

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}

### Worksafe Inspection 

We had a worksafe inspector attend the space in response to a complaint they received about our welding bay being messy on Metal Monday (1 April).

The inspector was happy with the space and our processes.

It highlights the importance of having every person sign up as a visitor and accept the waiver before they are involved with any of our activities, or use our tools. This includes anyone supporting a person in the space.

We also need to include in our basic induction that people have a responsibility to report any safety concerns or tool damage to us immediately.

### Infrastructure Improvements Donation Matching

We have had an anonymous person offer to match donations to an infrastructure improvement fund up to a maximum of $10,000. 

Use of funds to be directed by committee as usual, funds already received to allow an immediate start.

Requested inclusions include a revamp of the kitchen area, and works to improve the overall look of the space to make it more inviting to a wider range of people.

Suggest setting up a web page specifically for this campaign.

Terms of reference for the funds to be finalised so that the purpose of the funds is defined without being excessively restrictive.

* Public: https://perart.io/donate_matched
* Members: Pledgebot

### Commercial Woodworking Workshops

Looomio thread: https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/X0reqcbB/proposal-for-short-course-women-s-woodworking-

Renae and Penny have made a proposal to trial a short 4 week "Make a Bookshelf" course to run on Tuesday nights starting 16 May.

It is designed as a profit-making effort for the Artifactory, but includes a proposal for instructors to be paid for their time.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Renae to run the course as currently propsoed in Loomio, have priority use of the space, and be paid. | Fletcher | Tegan | Renae abstained. All others agreed unanimously. |
| Authorise Renae to spend up to $360 for materials ($300 expected) and $300 for tools ($250 expected) to prepare for woodworking short course. | Fletcher | Tegan | Renae abstained. All others agreed unanimously. |

### Front Door Security

Loomio thread: https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/9CmnsljW/update-to-keyholder-responsibilities-document-

There have been recent issues where the front door has been latched open and left unmonitored. 
An announcement was sent out on Slack, but we need to amend our keyholder responsibilities document to clarify additional rules around this.

Discussion in Slack infrastructure channel has discussed options for door sensors to help with compliance.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Adopt the proposed revised wording to Keyholder responsibilities in [Loomio](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/9CmnsljW/update-to-keyholder-responsibilities-document-). Convert the policy to a bylaw. | JC | Renae | Passed. |

### Financial Improvements items raised at previous meeting

Updates on items considered at previous meeting (Grants, Donations and attracting new members):

* Grant Research
* DGR letter to members
* Supporting documents to help members reach out to networks for donations
* Raising casual rate

### Financial Improvements (profit making activities)

Commercially priced Course Delivery
- WOTT suggested potentially using us (Renae) to deliver their courses on a profit sharing arrangement 
- Woodworking course planned for "medical mum's" group. (Penny/Renae)
Deliver Tool Inductions/training
- Potentially work with Bayswater Womens Shed to access grants to train their volunteers. 
Selling stuff
- Bunnings markets. 
- Stirling Community Stall
- Nerdy conventions 
- Good opportunity to involve members in making items
NDIS support work
- We have the ability to deliver high quality supports to people.


### Financial Improvements (adding value to memberships/retaining members)

Short informal sessions run by various members
- Encourage members to deliver short sessions on aspects of their choosing. Eg Resin, making picture frames, using a biscuit joiner.
- Design and create documentation for some "beginner projects" that involve various areas.
- More group activities; communicate and involve more members in doing things in the space
- Newsletter 

### Prusa event 

- We have been approached to host a Prusa workshop of about 50 people
- They will give us some printers
- We will need to do a fair bit of preparation work on the space
- Prusa is covering the cost of food for attendees, drink sales are through us.
- Event has sold out, will need to close the space to general making to compensate or hire toilets to expand tickets ~$320 (building limits) - Haven't approached Prusa to see if this is something they'd like.

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

### Invite Tom White to observe this meeting

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Invite Tom White to observe this meeting | Fletcher       | Renae        | Accepted/Rejected |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
