---
title: 2024-05-04
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-05-04T07:09:11.844Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-04-14T01:02:48.412Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-05-04

Previous meeting: [2024-04-13](/minutes/Committee/2024-04-13)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2024-05-04, 14:30

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present:
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    
* Apologies:
    * Tegan Murphy
* Absent: Nil
* Observing: Nil
* Minute taker: Lewis
* Chair: Fletcher

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES

## Meeting Times

* Opened: 14:34
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2024-04-13](/minutes/Committee/2024-04-13)

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the minutes of the previous meeting | Fletcher       | Renae          | Accepted |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* Nil

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2024-04-15  | 2024-04-15     | MOTION: Approve $300 for printing flyers | Passed unanimously (7 in favour) |
| 2024-04-25 | 2024-04-28 | Issue RFID key for member Jason Adamczyk | Passed (6 in favour, 1 did not participate) |

## Correspondence

* Conversations with OzFDM and Shapenerd - Fletcher following up
* Donation of Bosch tools via Women On The Tools

## Incident Reports

* Nil to report

## Property Report

* Fire extinguishers - 2 require replacement due to expiry.
* Fire emergency light inspections completed.

## Chairperson's Report

* Business as usual.

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

| Account                       | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $6,257.59   |
| Donations                     | $20,000.00  |
| Sale Program                  | $0.00       |
| Sponsored Student Memberships | $2,890.16   |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $29,147.75  |

### Expenses for Approval

* Nil

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

* Full: 44 (+1)
* Concession: 28 (-1)
* Band: 3 (-1)
* Total: 75 (-1)
~ 10 members with invoices > 30 days overdue

### New Memberships for approval

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Full Membership for Seb Davidson | Fletcher       | Ben          | Accepted |
| Approve Full Membership for Rakesh Parikh | Fletcher       | Renae          | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership for Tom Welman | Fletcher       | Ben          | Accepted |
| Approve Concession Membership for Katrina Italiano | Fletcher       | Ben          | Accepted |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* Prusa Users Group meetup was a success, see other business

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* New band was meant to be touring today - JC to follow up on email.
* Spondy and JC to look at bass speaker
* Reminder to clean up and vaccuum.
* Remove stuff from the room to make it a tidier space and easier to clean.
* Aaron pausing membership for a month due to scheduling conflict with woodworking event

* Fletcher - band membership phase out to band subscription.

### Quartermasters

* Price increase on small snacks to $0.75 due to cost price increase. Or change to larger packets.
* Fire sale on bloomed chocolate.
* Chocolate restock needed.

### Membership Officers

* Business as usual.
* Meeting tour and enquiry requests as required.
* Training on yellow tools has a backlog that we need to work through.

### Membership Storage Officer

* Business as usual
* Requests for storage are being met in a timely fashion
* Spondy and Fletcher: Sheet storage audit is due.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Several head crashes have resulted in unscheduled maintenance.
* Fletcher and Ben to discuss faster ways of re-squaring the gantry after meeting.


### IT Subcommittee

* Working with 3D printing folk on filament inventory

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Flyers
    * A4 and A5 flyers printed in small quantities.
    * A4 flyers seem fit for purpose (open days, new member information).
    * A5 flyer (advertising) needs a redesign. Text too small.
      * Needs open day emphasis

* Stand for A5 flyers for Women on the Tools and for the bar.

* Promo video
    * For looping on TV's during open days. Done in Canva - looks great - thanks Spondy!

### Associate Memberships Panel

* Application from Rebecca Collas in #committee_important

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept sponsored membership application from Rebecca Collas | Fletcher       | Ben          | Accepted |

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* Electronics lab ceiling repair complete
    * Thanks Ben Moore and Kamil

* Electronics lab is now the Electronics and 3D printing lab
    * Electronics workbench has returned to full function
    * Electronics materials sorting about 75% complete
    * Purpose-built 3D printer bench has been completed to functional level. Thanks Penny and co! Needs work to finish off.
    * Another bench is required for Prusa XL

* Sand blaster bench failed and needs rebuild/replacement.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Business as usual
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) - No issues reported

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Phoebe) - Ran, went well. External catering (pizza) works when volunteers not available to cook.
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - Ran, went well.

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) - Did not run

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) - No issues reported

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Business as usual
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - 
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) - Ran, thanks Kamil for running a welding tutorial session.
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae) - Ran, thanks to Penny for her support while Renae was sick.
* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Did not run.
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis) - Lots of work on the workshop happened this month! Open discussion as to how we maintain this momentum.

### Other

* Prusa User Group Meetup -
    * This was the biggest event AF has hosted in years, and brought a significant number of people into the space.
    * Well done to all involved and thanks to all who helped get the space ready.
    * Prusa have given us 2 new 3D printers for hosting this event, which are a great addition to our lineup.
    * We have gathered "lessons learned" from this event ([Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o3GIorHFXqm9cU6eHZB05QZuiEG9drMJbcCkhz4O170/edit?usp=sharing)) and we should update the [How to run an event](/docs/process_guides/event) guide to include these.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}

### Infrastructure Improvements Donation Matching

[Loomio thread: Equipment and Infrastructure fund](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/kJZ7N3lS/equipment-and-infrastructure-fund)

As per previous meeting,

> We have had an anonymous person offer to match donations to an infrastructure improvement fund up to a maximum of $10,000.
> 
> Use of funds to be directed by committee as usual, funds already received to allow an immediate start.
> 
> Requested inclusions include a revamp of the kitchen area, and works to improve the overall look of the space to make it more inviting to a wider range of people.
> 
> Suggest setting up a web page specifically for this campaign.
> 
> Terms of reference for the funds to be finalised so that the purpose of the funds is defined without being excessively restrictive.
> 
> Public: https://perart.io/donate_matched
> Members: Pledgebot

We have the following expenses to be retroactively deducted from the fund:

1. $xxx.xx - XXX
2. $yyy.yy - YYY

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Establish the Equipment and Infrastructure fund as per the draft definition in Google Docs. | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |
| Retroactively deduct the expenses noted above (totalling $XXX.XX) from the Equipment and Infrastructure fund. | Mover | Seconder | Accepted/Rejected |

#### Action items

* Publish the definition of the fund on wiki.
* Establish accounting for the fund.
* Start donation campaign for the fund.

### Establish 3D printing subcommittee?

The recent explosive growth in the Artifactory's 3D printer lineup has created a need for a dedicated group of people to look after our 3D printers.

The proposed terms of reference include:

* Control modifications and upgrades to the 3D printers, balancing usability for general users vs. capability upgrades for enthusiasts.

The remaining terms of reference are as per the existing Lasers subcommittee:

* Make recommendations to the main committee on all aspects of 3D printer maintenance, operation, upgrading, training and charging.
* Appoint 3D printer trainers as required.
* Determine training requirements as required.
* Scheduling operational and preventative maintenance.
* Organising the ordering and installation of replacement parts within a budget determined by the main committee.

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Create 3D printing subcommittee | Mover | Seconder | Passed / Failed |
| Appoint Tom White, Sophie Murday, Penny Wood, and Fletcher Boyd as the first members of the 3D printing subcommittee. | Mover | Seconder | Passed / Failed |
| Appoint Fletcher Boyd as chair of the 3d printing subcommittee. | Mover | Seconder | Passed / Failed |

### Tool training and inductions

We introduced this system on [2024-01-20](/minutes/Committee/2024-01-20), effective January 27th, and the "grace period" for existing users ended on 1st May.

To discuss:

* Has the system been working.
* Effectively communicating expectations to new members.
* Managing workload on volunteer trainers.
* Notify all members that the grace period is now over.
* Audit members who use tools, but haven't gone through tool signoffs yet.

### Financial Improvements items raised at previous meeting

*(Deferred from previous meeting)*

Updates on items considered at previous meeting (Grants, Donations and attracting new members):

- Grant Research
- DGR letter to members
- Supporting documents to help members reach out to networks for donations
- Raising casual rate

### Financial Improvements (profit making activities)

*(Deferred from previous meeting)*

- Commercially priced Course Delivery
- WOTT suggested potentially using us (Renae) to deliver their courses on a profit sharing arrangement
- Woodworking course planned for "medical mum's" group. (Penny/Renae)
- Deliver Tool Inductions/training
- Potentially work with Bayswater Womens Shed to access grants to train their volunteers.
- Selling stuff
- Bunnings markets.
- Stirling Community Stall
- Nerdy conventions
- Good opportunity to involve members in making items
- NDIS support work
- We have the ability to deliver high quality supports to people.

### Financial Improvements (adding value to memberships/retaining members)

*(Deferred from previous meeting)*

- Short informal sessions run by various members
- Encourage members to deliver short sessions on aspects of their choosing. Eg Resin, making picture frames, using a biscuit joiner.
- Design and create documentation for some "beginner projects" that involve various areas.
- More group activities; communicate and involve more members in doing things in the space
- Newsletter

### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
