---
title: 2025-05-17
description: 
published: true
date: 2025-05-14T02:36:30.693Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-04-18T01:00:47.875Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2025-05-17

Previous meeting: [2025-04-17](/minutes/Committee/2025-04-17)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2025-05-17, 12:30

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2025-04-17](/minutes/Committee/2025-04-17)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES

* Action item

### Review Online Motions

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> As per our bylaw on [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions), 
>
> *The details of each online motion must be recorded in the minutes of the next committee meeting. The details recorded must include:*
> - *The full text of the online motion; and*
> - *The result of the online motion, e.g. passed, failed, lapsed, or withdrawn.*
>
> You can get the text and results of online motions by copy pasting out of Loomio.
>
> Also note that the start of a committee meeting causes all outstanding online motions to lapse.
{.is-info}


| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

### Documents Executed

> **Note to the Secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Record any documents that the Association has executed since the last committee meeting.
>
> Note the requirements of s66 of the Constitution regarding who can execute documents on behalf of the Association.
{.is-info}

## Incident Reports

* INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

The Artifactory has largely been operating as usual over the past period, with some great contributions from our regular volunteers helping to keep things moving smoothly. 

We’ve recently had some positive engagement with the City of Stirling’s Economic Growth and Development Officers, which has opened the door to some future opportunities. Behind the scenes, volunteers have also been busy organising and transporting new tools and equipment acquisitions to help improve and attract members to the space

The Artifactory was proudly promoted at a recent Mother’s Day event, helping to spread the word about our community and what we do. There’s more in the works as we look to continue building momentum and community engagement through upcoming events and activities.

Some key volunteers will be taking a well-earned break soon, so if any members have the capacity to lend a hand, whether it’s helping out around the space, assisting with events, or offering your skills in other ways. please reach out to a committee member. Every little bit helps keep the Artifactory train rolling!

Also, just a friendly reminder that it’s only seven weeks until the end of the financial year. If you’re in a position to make a donation for tax deduction purposes, please have a chat with us...we’d be grateful for the support.

Thanks again to all our members and volunteers for being part of this awesome community. Onward!

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

The Artifactory remains in a healthy positison, well able to cover the larger part of our insurance bill next month, as well as fund our planned projects.
This month's income includes 3 annual concession membership payments and a $500 donation
Significant expenses were our management insurance $1,500, and $400 towards approved infra projects.

We have committed a further $5,678.92 in approved project funds, plus $2,430 insurance to be paid in May


| Account - as at End of Month  | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $ 11,989.76 |
| Sponsored Memberships         | $  2,596.16 |
| Secure Account                | $ 30,000.00 |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $ 44,585.92|

### Income/Expenditure

* Insert table from TidyHQ

### Expense Report

| Date       | Cost      | Supplier                      | Item                               | Category                                                     | Authorisation |
| ---------- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- |

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept Expenses as reported above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

Total Due - 
Total Overdue -

### Infrastructure Fund

| Total in Fund                              |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Donations Received                         |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| Donation Matching                          |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Expense                                    | -$ xx,xxx.xx |



## Membership Report

### Current Status

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Membership Numbers](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/member_count.html).
{.is-info}

| Class      | This month | Prev month | Diff |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---- |
| Full       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Concession | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Band       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| **TOTAL**  | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |

### New Memberships for approval

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Members awaiting approval](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/awaiting_approval.html).
>
> After the meeting, go into TidyHQ and mark the members as approved.
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the membership applications listed above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### 3D Printers Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Lewis) - 
* Saturday Lunch (Coordinator: Fletcher, Lewis) - 
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - 

### Cosplay and Craft

* N/A

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben, Lewis) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinators: Renae, Penny) - 

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
