---
title: 2025-07-19
description: 
published: true
date: 2025-07-14T05:50:34.587Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-06-15T01:05:04.305Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2025-07-19

Previous meeting: [2025-06-14](/minutes/Committee/2025-06-14)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2025-07-19, 13:30

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2025-06-14](/minutes/Committee/2025-06-14)

* Solvol updated to Sovol in Other Business

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES

* Action item

### Review Online Motions

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> As per our bylaw on [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions), 
>
> *The details of each online motion must be recorded in the minutes of the next committee meeting. The details recorded must include:*
> - *The full text of the online motion; and*
> - *The result of the online motion, e.g. passed, failed, lapsed, or withdrawn.*
>
> You can get the text and results of online motions by copy pasting out of Loomio.
>
> Also note that the start of a committee meeting causes all outstanding online motions to lapse.
{.is-info}


| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

### Documents Executed

> **Note to the Secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Record any documents that the Association has executed since the last committee meeting.
>
> Note the requirements of s66 of the Constitution regarding who can execute documents on behalf of the Association.
{.is-info}

## Incident Reports

* INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

We’re about two months out from the AGM, and unless something totally wild happens, the Artifactory’s rolling into another solid year.

One thing that came up last time was around how decisions get made. While not everyone reads these minutes... anything and everything that can  affect our existing and newmembers goes through the committee. 
Sometimes we don’t all agree, but the end results have always been with the greater good of the space, and our members, in mind.


Also, if you’ve noticed that our website is the best...so have others. We’ve had some great feedback, and if you haven’t had a peek recently, it’s worth a look. Massive thanks to Spondy (Joshua)


## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Login to our online banking (NAB) and report on the balance of our 3 main bank accounts as at the end date of the previous month
{.is-info}

| Account - as at End of Month  | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Sponsored Memberships         | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Secure Account                | $xxx,xxx.xx |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $xxx,xxx.xx |

### Income/Expenditure

* Insert table from TidyHQ

### Expense Report

| Date       | Cost      | Supplier                      | Item                               | Category                                                     | Authorisation |
| ---------- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- |

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept Expenses as reported above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

Total Due - 
Total Overdue -

### Infrastructure Fund

| Total in Fund                              |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Donations Received                         |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| Donation Matching                          |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Expense                                    | -$ xx,xxx.xx |



## Membership Report

### Current Status

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Membership Numbers](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/member_count.html).
{.is-info}

| Class      | This month | Prev month | Diff |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---- |
| Full       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Concession | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Band       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| **TOTAL**  | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |

### New Memberships for approval

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Members awaiting approval](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/awaiting_approval.html).
>
> After the meeting, go into TidyHQ and mark the members as approved.
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the membership applications listed above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* Enquiry Received from "MumBand"

Enquiry received from MumBand (a band consisting of all mums), interested in trialling the rehearsal room once per fortnight.

JC is arranging to have their key access activated, and Lewis will conduct the keyholder induction at a Wed Talkshop (23/7)
A MumBand representative has signed up via TidyHQ. 
JC to follow up post First jam (28/7) and follow up with membership for the subscription date activation and request keybond amount of <???>

There was some pushback from AaronBand regarding their regular Tuesday bookings, following JC's one-off Tuesday booking made two weeks in advance for MumBand. This was addressed in the private Facebook group, where it was clarified that:

o	No band holds entitlement to specific nights,
o	JC had made the booking within the expected time frame,
o	The session was later rescheduled to a Monday night as a courtesy.

MumBand is happy to proceed with Monday night bookings for now but expressed interest in having the flexibility for one Tuesday per month if possible.

JC reiterated to AaronBand that bands should continue to coordinate and self-manage bookings via the usual system.

Monitor how this develops.

* Query from teacher (solo) looking to room booking info

JC advised of subscription fees and link to bookings calender for an insight of available times. offered to give tour if interested. no response
* Wednesday Rehearsal Bookings

Due to feedback from members attending social events and ongoing ArduinoU + Woodworking workshops, JC changed Wednesday Rehearsal Room booking slots from “Reserved for Quiet Bands only” to “Reserved for Artifactory Event” on a recurring basis.


### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### 3D Printers Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Lewis) - 
* Saturday Lunch (Coordinator: Fletcher, Lewis) - 
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - 

### Cosplay and Craft

* N/A

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben, Lewis) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinators: Renae, Penny) - 

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
