---
title: 2025-09-25
description: 
published: true
date: 2025-09-21T09:43:47.641Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-09-14T01:04:42.175Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2025-09-25

Previous meeting: [2025-09-13](/minutes/Committee/2025-09-13)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2025-09-25, 19:30

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Anna Whitlock
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Peaty
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: LewisY
* Chair: Fletcher

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2025-09-13](/minutes/Committee/2025-09-13)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

(Deferred to next meeting.)

* Action item

### Review Online Motions

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> As per our bylaw on [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions), 
>
> *The details of each online motion must be recorded in the minutes of the next committee meeting. The details recorded must include:*
> - *The full text of the online motion; and*
> - *The result of the online motion, e.g. passed, failed, lapsed, or withdrawn.*
>
> You can get the text and results of online motions by copy pasting out of Loomio.
>
> Also note that the start of a committee meeting causes all outstanding online motions to lapse.
{.is-info}


| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

### Documents Executed

> **Note to the Secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Record any documents that the Association has executed since the last committee meeting.
>
> Note the requirements of s66 of the Constitution regarding who can execute documents on behalf of the Association.
{.is-info}

## Incident Reports

* Front Roller door not secured properly by ModSynth

* Member cut mylar sheet in the laser cutter, which is not on our list of approved laser-safe materials.
  * Refer notes in #lasers_trainers channel.
  * One of our volunteers raised concerns about the strong smell of the exhaust gasses, and stopped the job.
  * Lewis Yip attended and discussed with the member.
  * Reinforced that materials not on our approved list need to be checked with a laser trainer.
  * Member self-nominated for CO2 laser refresher training.

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

August figures included in post-AGM Meeting



## Membership Report

### Current Status

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Membership Numbers](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/member_count.html).
{.is-info}

| Class      | This month | Prev month | Diff |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---- |
| Full       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Concession | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Band       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| **TOTAL**  | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |

### New Memberships for approval

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Members awaiting approval](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/awaiting_approval.html).
>
> After the meeting, go into TidyHQ and mark the members as approved.
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the membership applications listed above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

No Applications

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### 3D Printers Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Steve) - 
* Saturday Lunch (Coordinator: Fletcher, Steve) - 
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Anna, Ilke, Tom) -
  * 🟢 Ran, attended by a healthy number of members and visitors.

### Cosplay and Craft

* N/A

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben, Lewis) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinators: Renae, Penny, Alice) - Business as usual

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Loomio Review

* Review outstanding Loomio threads

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}

### Annual Financial Authorisations Review


> Refer to our bylaw regarding [Artifactory Expenses](/docs/policies/administration#artifactory-expenses).
{.is-info}

#### Endorse chairpersons of subcommittees who have expenditure authorisation

> - Items for use by a subcommittee of the organisation provided that a) the total amount is less than $150, and b) the expense has been approved by the **chair of the relevant subcommittee** or **delegated subcommittee member**.

| Subcommittee                | Chairperson      |
| --------------------------- | ---------------- |
| 3D Printers                 | Fletcher Boyd    |
| Infrastructure              | Joshua Rospondek |
| IT                          | No chair         |
| Lasers                      | Blake Samuels    |
| Promotions                  | No chair         |
| Associate Memberships Panel | No chair         |


| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Endorse the delegated expense authorities for the subcommitee chairs listed above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |


#### Endorse subcommittee expenditure delegations

>   - Subcommittee chairs and the Management Committee may independently **delegate approval authority within the subcommittee**, in whatever manner they choose, provided it is documented on the relevant subcommittee page on the wiki.
>   - Delegated authority may be limited to specific purposes or limits as specified in the delegation.

| Subcommittee                | Current delegations                     |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| 3D Printers                 | Tom White: 3D printer parts, up to $100 |
| Infrastructure              | Nil                                     |
| IT                          | Nil                                     |
| Lasers                      | Nil                                     |
| Promotions                  | Nil                                     |
| Associate Memberships Panel | Nil                                     |


| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Endorse the delegated expense authorities above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

#### Treasurer Delegations

* Delegate to Quartermaster:
  - Kitchen and bar restocks
  - First aid, toiletry, office, and cleaning supplies
  - PPE
  - Public building compliance costs (eg. fire extinguishers, fixtures, event toilets)

* Delegate to Secretary 
  - Filing and administration fees incurred by the Secretary (eg. DMIRS)
  - First aid, toiletry, office, and cleaning supplies

| Action Items                                                  | Who       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| Record these authorisations in a agreed location on the wiki. | Lewis Yip |

### Annual review of Event Fees:


| Event              | Current | Proposed | Outcome/Communication |
| ------------------ | ------- | -------- | ------------- |
| Modsynth           | $15 per person direct deposit only | No increase | |
| Arduino U          | $10 | No increase | |
| PLUG               | $5  | No increase | |
| Metal Monday       | $20 | No increase | |
| Social Wednesday   | $20 | No increase | |
| Woodwork Wednesday | $20 | No increase | |
| Board Games        | $5  | No increase | |
| Laser Maintenance  | $0  | No increase | |
| Open Day           | $0  | No increase | |
| General Making Day | $20 | No increase | |



### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
