---
title: 2025-03-22
description: 
published: true
date: 2025-02-20T04:19:13.252Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-02-16T01:01:19.141Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2025-03-22

Previous meeting: [2025-02-15](/minutes/Committee/2025-02-15)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2025-03-22, 13:30

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2025-02-15](/minutes/Committee/2025-02-15)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* Fletcher - band membership phase out to band subscription. - Website side in progress
* ❓ Spondy and Fletcher - Sheet storage audit is due - Not actioned
* Renae and Fletcher - finish writing induction checklists - In progress but we sometimes gain tools faster than we can write inductions for them
* Fletcher - investigate what happens if we withdraw from our Meetup subscription - We have decided to go on with it. 
  * ACTION: Renae to send invoice to PLUG - Done
* ❓ Renae, Ben, Lewis, Fletcher - draft proposal for revised payment authorisations policy - On hold - Remains on hold
  
  
* Renae/Fletcher - Forward a copy of the fully executed lease to Lewis for our files.

* JC - ~~advise band reps of committee discussion and highlight that same rules apply as rest of Artifactory. Keep it clean and tidy.~~ Complete

* Fletcher - ~~discuss PA cabling with Aaron's band.~~ Completed by JC

* Renae - ~~reach out to Bunnings rep to confirm next Bunnings event at Easter.~~ Completed by Fletcher, events are up on our calendar

* Fletcher - reach out to a refridgeration mechanic and find out pricing to inspect the vending machine. Fletcher will then raise an online motion to approve the cost.

* Renae - detail how the volunteering tokens system would be regulated procedurally. Raise in Loomio.
* Fletcher - detail physical implementation of the volunteering tokens section (or delegate to another).

* Lewis - ~~Amend the Dangerous Projects policy to insert a record keeping requirement~~ Complete
* ~~Lewis - Dangerous Projects policy - Update wiki~~ Fletcher completed
* ~~Joshua / Fletcher - Dangerous Projects policy - Update website~~ Complete                           
* ~~Fletcher - Dangerous Projects policy - Announce to membership~~ Complete
* ~~Fletcher - Dangerous Projects policy - Check in with event hosts~~ Complete

* Lewis - Day pass project restrictions - Update wiki              
* ~~Joshua/Fletcher - Day pass project restrictions - Update website~~ Complete
* ~~Fletcher - Day pass project restrictions - Announce to membership~~ Complete
* ~~Fletcher - Day pass project restrictions - Check in with event hosts~~ Complete

* Lewis - Vehicle fitout restrictions - Draft bylaw for consideration by committee
* Lewis - Vehicle fitout restrictions - Update wiki                               
* ~~Joshua/Fletcher - Vehicle fitout restrictions - Update website~~ Complete                   
* ~~Fletcher - Vehicle fitout restrictions - Announce to membership~~ Complete          
* ~~Fletcher - Vehicle fitout restrictions - Check in with event hosts~~ Complete          

### Review Online Motions

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> As per our bylaw on [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions), 
>
> *The details of each online motion must be recorded in the minutes of the next committee meeting. The details recorded must include:*
> - *The full text of the online motion; and*
> - *The result of the online motion, e.g. passed, failed, lapsed, or withdrawn.*
>
> You can get the text and results of online motions by copy pasting out of Loomio.
>
> Also note that the start of a committee meeting causes all outstanding online motions to lapse.
{.is-info}


| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

### Documents Executed

> **Note to the Secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Record any documents that the Association has executed since the last committee meeting.
>
> Note the requirements of s66 of the Constitution regarding who can execute documents on behalf of the Association.
{.is-info}

## Incident Reports

* INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Login to our online banking (NAB) and report on the balance of our 3 main bank accounts as at the end date of the previous month
{.is-info}

| Account - as at End of Month  | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Sponsored Memberships         | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Secure Account                | $xxx,xxx.xx |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $xxx,xxx.xx |

### Income/Expenditure

* Insert table from TidyHQ

### Expense Report

| Date       | Cost      | Supplier                      | Item                               | Category                                                     | Authorisation |
| ---------- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- |

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept Expenses as reported above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

Total Due - 
Total Overdue -

### Infrastructure Fund

| Total in Fund                              |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Donations Received                         |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| Donation Matching                          |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Expense                                    | -$ xx,xxx.xx |



## Membership Report

### Current Status

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Membership Numbers](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/member_count.html).
{.is-info}

| Class      | This month | Prev month | Diff |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---- |
| Full       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Concession | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Band       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| **TOTAL**  | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |

### New Memberships for approval

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Members awaiting approval](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/awaiting_approval.html).
>
> After the meeting, go into TidyHQ and mark the members as approved.
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the membership applications listed above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### 3D Printers Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Lewis) -
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - 

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinators: Renae/Penny) - 

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
