---
title: 2025-04-17
description: 
published: true
date: 2025-04-15T08:53:05.571Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-03-23T01:03:29.532Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2025-04-17

Previous meeting: [2025-03-22](/minutes/Committee/2025-03-22)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2025-04-17, 19:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2025-03-22](/minutes/Committee/2025-03-22)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* **ACTION** - Promotions - Renae to follow up with JC regarding volunteers for Bunnings event. (April 10th)
* **ACTION** - Renae to contact our neighbours regarding timber sourcing for infrastructure projects.
* **ACTION** - Substitute host needed for upcoming social night (Wednesday 2 April).
* **ACTION** - JC to draft an email to Andrew re Leathercrafting workshops - pass by Renae for check.

Carried over from previous meetings

* Fletcher - band membership phase out to band subscription. - Website side in progress, membership side below
* ❓ Spondy and Fletcher - Sheet storage audit is due - Not actioned
* Renae and Fletcher - finish writing induction checklists - In progress but we sometimes gain tools faster than we can write inductions for them
* ❓ Renae, Ben, Lewis, Fletcher - draft proposal for revised payment authorisations policy - On hold - Remains on hold
* Fletcher - ~~reach out to a refrigeration mechanic and find out pricing to inspect the vending machine. Fletcher will then raise an online motion to approve the cost.~~ Quotes received after member favours are still too high ($1,000). Sophie may have found a contact to help.
* Fletcher - detail physical implementation of the volunteering tokens section (or delegate to another).
* Lewis - Vehicle fit out restrictions - Update wiki - Waiting until after bulk edits to bylaws go through

* Action item

### Review Online Motions

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> As per our bylaw on [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions), 
>
> *The details of each online motion must be recorded in the minutes of the next committee meeting. The details recorded must include:*
> - *The full text of the online motion; and*
> - *The result of the online motion, e.g. passed, failed, lapsed, or withdrawn.*
>
> You can get the text and results of online motions by copy pasting out of Loomio.
>
> Also note that the start of a committee meeting causes all outstanding online motions to lapse.
{.is-info}


| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

### Documents Executed

> **Note to the Secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Record any documents that the Association has executed since the last committee meeting.
>
> Note the requirements of s66 of the Constitution regarding who can execute documents on behalf of the Association.
{.is-info}

## Incident Reports

* INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

While I’ve been overseas recently, it’s been great to see that things have largely continued on as business as usual at the Artifactory. This really speaks to the dedication and effort of our community, especially our volunteers, who keep things ticking along.

That said, it’s worth acknowledging that we are heavily reliant on volunteer availability, and unfortunately that meant we had to pull out of our recent Bunnings community event. It was reported that we were missed, which is a real shame, but hopefully it’s a reminder of how valued our presence is at these types of events.

On a more positive note, the new RSVP system on slack for social events, , and open days is a great initiative (cheers Fletcher as always for continuous improvements). Hopefully it helps encourage more people to get involved and makes it easier for us to plan and run events in the future.

Thanks again to everyone who’s been helping out, your support is what keeps this place going.

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Login to our online banking (NAB) and report on the balance of our 3 main bank accounts as at the end date of the previous month
{.is-info}

| Account - as at End of Month  | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Sponsored Memberships         | $xxx,xxx.xx |
| Secure Account                | $xxx,xxx.xx |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $xxx,xxx.xx |

### Income/Expenditure

* Insert table from TidyHQ

### Expense Report

| Date       | Cost      | Supplier                      | Item                               | Category                                                     | Authorisation |
| ---------- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- |

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept Expenses as reported above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

Total Due - 
Total Overdue -

### Infrastructure Fund

| Total in Fund                              |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Donations Received                         |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| Donation Matching                          |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Expense                                    | -$ xx,xxx.xx |



## Membership Report

### Current Status

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Membership Numbers](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/member_count.html).
{.is-info}

| Class      | This month | Prev month | Diff |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---- |
| Full       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Concession | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Band       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| **TOTAL**  | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |

### New Memberships for approval

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Members awaiting approval](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/awaiting_approval.html).
>
> After the meeting, go into TidyHQ and mark the members as approved.
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the membership applications listed above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### 3D Printers Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) -
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Lewis) -
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - 

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) -

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) -

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) -
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) -
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) -
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinators: Renae/Penny) - 

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
