---
title: 2026-02-28
description: 
published: true
date: 2026-02-04T01:27:10.877Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-02-04T01:10:27.965Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2026-02-28

Previous meeting: [2026-01-24](/minutes/Committee/2026-01-24)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2026-02-28, 13:30

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Anna Whitlock
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Peaty
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: LewisY
* Chair: Fletcher

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2026-01-24](/minutes/Committee/2026-01-24)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* Lewis Peaty - ACTION - Follow up with Tylar Gill
* Fletcher - ACTION - add more signage to reinforce new chocolate pricing
* Lewis Yip - ACTION - follow up with Tegan regarding sale of 3D printed toys.
  * ✅ Done - Tegan is reaching out to Dan next Saturday (31 Jan)
* Lewis Yip - ACTION - Finalise list of Loomio motions completed before the meeting. ✅
* Renae - Action - Respond to Swancon with polite decline. ✅
* Fletcher - ACTION - Follow up with Pethers for invoicing.
* Lewis Peaty - ACTION - Check if Emily Osborne has a new member induction, follow up if not.
* Lewis Peaty - ACTION - did TJ respond?
* Fletcher - ACTION - Reach out to offer new member induction to Harrison McLean.
* Fletcher - ACTION - Reach out to offer new member induction to Michael Adams.
* Fletcher - ACTION - Process Cherie Giffard key application
* Fletcher - ACTION - Process Alexiea Li key application
* Lewis Yip - ACTION - Amend keyholder induction to include: require keyholders to run visitor inductions / visitor signup process, for people they bring into the space.
  * ✅ [Loomio thread](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/SsLM3C5D/amend-24-7-access-and-keyholder-reponsibilities-bylaws-regarding-visitor-inductions) raised.
* Fletcher - ACTION - Follow up with Ben regarding help for the craft room.
* Lewis Yip - ACTION - reach out to Cherie for "How to give a tour" 
  * ✅ Lewis has reached out to offer the training
* Lewis Yip - ACTION - follow up with Curtin Design Club regarding sponsorship arrangements for CDC.
  * ✅ Done, copied committee@artifactory
* Lewis Yip - ACTION - Advise CROC that we will not be continuing sponsorship this year.
  * ✅ Done, copied committee@artifactory
* Lewis Yip - ACTION - Adjust item pricing at White Dwarf Books

### Previous action items

* Fletcher - Lasers - review list of keyholders who are also expired laser operators. :clock3:
* Fletcher - Infrastructure - update fire (hot works) and related inductions to account for compressed gas storage :white_check_mark:
  * Need to do training refreshers for all people with existing inductions. :clock3:
  * Fletcher has started reaching out
* Action item

### Review Online Motions

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> As per our bylaw on [online motions](/docs/policies/online-motions), 
>
> *The details of each online motion must be recorded in the minutes of the next committee meeting. The details recorded must include:*
> - *The full text of the online motion; and*
> - *The result of the online motion, e.g. passed, failed, lapsed, or withdrawn.*
>
> You can get the text and results of online motions by copy pasting out of Loomio.
>
> Also note that the start of a committee meeting causes all outstanding online motions to lapse.
{.is-info}


| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| XXXX.XX.XX  | XXXX.XX.XX     | The text of the motion | Passed/Rejected/Lapsed |

## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

### Documents Executed

> **Note to the Secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Record any documents that the Association has executed since the last committee meeting.
>
> Note the requirements of s66 of the Constitution regarding who can execute documents on behalf of the Association.
{.is-info}

## Incident Reports

* INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> This section requires manual preparation before the meeting.
>
> Login to our online banking (NAB) and report on the balance of our 3 main bank accounts as at the end date of the previous month
{.is-info}

| Account - as at End of Month  | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $  9,280.38 |
| Sponsored Memberships         | $  3,136.16 |
| Secure Account                | $ 30,000.00 |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $ 42,416.54 |

### Income/Expenditure

* Insert table from TidyHQ

### Expense Report

| Date       | Cost      | Supplier                      | Item                               | Category                                                     | Authorisation |
| ---------- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- |

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept Expenses as reported above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

Total Due - 
Total Overdue -

### Infrastructure Fund

| Total in Fund                              |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Donations Received                         |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| Donation Matching                          |  $ xx,xxx.xx |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Expense                                    | -$ xx,xxx.xx |



## Membership Report

### Current Status

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Membership Numbers](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/member_count.html).
{.is-info}

| Class      | This month | Prev month | Diff |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---- |
| Full       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Concession | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| Band       | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |
| **TOTAL**  | xxx        | xxx        | +xx  |

### New Memberships for approval

> **Note to the secretary (delete after reading)**
>
> Populate using information from [Artifactory Reports - Members awaiting approval](https://reports.tele.artifactory.org.au/pages/awaiting_approval.html).
>
> After the meeting, go into TidyHQ and mark the members as approved.
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the membership applications listed above | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Officers

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Membership Storage Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### Laser Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### IT Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Promotions Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Associate Memberships Panel

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### 3D Printers Subcommittee

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - 

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Steve) - 
* Saturday Lunch (Coordinator: Fletcher, Steve) - 
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Anna, Ilke, Tom) - 

### Cosplay and Craft

* N/A

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits) - 

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - 
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - 
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben, Lewis) - 
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinators: Renae, Penny, Alice) - 
* Showcase Saturday (Coordinators: Fletcher) - 

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Loomio Review

* Review outstanding Loomio threads

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}


### OTHER BUSINESS EXAMPLE

<!--- DO NOT DELETE UNTIL DAY OF MEETING --->

What/Inform/Issue

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

* To take effect from: XXXX/XX/XX - if new bylaw allow time for example for the website/wiki/tidyHQ to be updated

#### Action items

| Action Items                                   | Who  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| do/buy/make/implement the thing. By xx/xx/2020 | John |
| update website/wiki/TidyHQ/bylaws/etc          | Jane |
| Inform                                         | Jed  |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
