---
title: Co-Tenants Meeting - 2011-03-29
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:54:12.085Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:12:24.783Z
---

# Co-Tenants Meeting 2011.03.29

**People Present**

-   Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Andrew Wheatley (AW, lessee)

**Meeting Times**

-   Opened: 19:00
-   Closed: 19:40
-   Next meeting: TBD

**Action Items**

1.  **New**: Artifactory / AW to organize repair of power points, landlord claims not original therefore tenant responsibility.
2.  **New**: Artifactory to draw up plans for external sign for clearance by landlord prior to mounting.
3.  **New**: AW to approach AJ (Anthony Jessop, Co-Tenant) about indoor smoking issues.
4.  **New**: Artifactory to move car to other end of carpark as in current position it is obstructing the gate.
5.  **New**: AW to follow up with property manager regarding non-proportioned bills.
6.  **New**: Artifactory to draw up plans for tool area for approval by landlord.
7.  **New**: Look into solutions to air conditioning being left on (2 hour timer?)
8.  AW to advice us of which tools he wants to place into the shared workshop
9.  Artifactory to keep AJ informed of our plans and the possibility of running an additional exhaust duct to his spraying area
10. Artifactory to design and install an RFID-based physical access control system
11. AW to provide the Artifactory with some OH&S guideline documents (?)
12. AW to advise on the availability of decking or pavers for the outdoor bar area (?)
13. <s>Artifactory to move big metal bench frame outside this weekend</s>
14. <s>PD in continued discussions with AJ regarding longer-term Internet access and transfer of account</s>
15. <s>AW to forward power bill to Marc who will add it the Artifactory's bill</s>
16. <s>AJ to provide contact details for bin</s>

**Minutes**

1.  Artifactory has taken over the skip bin account.
2.  All of the fixtures at the front of the property are tenant owned and maintained, landlord decries any responsibility. We are free to repair.
3.  AW expressed some concern about continued clutter (Particularly triluminarium & pile of simulator bits), Have informed him of new Artifactory policies regarding space usage (see [Committee Meeting 2011.03.19](/committee/committee_meeting_2011.03.19) Minutes, Section 9)
4.  AW acknowledges problem with indoor smoking but thinks that AJ will not react well to being asked to stop. Suggested that if AJ has a problem to contact Artifactory Committee.
5.  AW has found air conditioning left on with space empty, need to talk to membership about ensuring the air conditioning is turned off and look into a technological solution.
