---
title: Annual General Meeting - 2011-09-17
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:51:48.616Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:09:46.221Z
---

#### Committee Members

-   Chairperson: Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
-   Secretary: Brendan Ragan (BR)
-   Deputy Secretary: Simon Kirkby (SK)
-   Treasurer: SKoT McDonald (SM)
-   Deputy Treasurer: Peter Dreisiger (PD)

##### Members

-   Shay Telfer (ST)
-   Brett Downing (BD)
-   Mason Larra (ML)
-   Jason Muirhead (JM)
-   Anton Lord (AL)
-   Niel Frances (NF)
-   Taran Marley (TM)
-   Peter Hiller (PH)
-   Nick Bannon (NB)

##### Proxies

-   Jason Muirhead (DC)
-   Sam Hurst (DC)
-   Michel Ludwig (SM)
-   Mason Larobina (DH)

#### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 14:15
-   Closed: 14:56

#### Minutes

1.  SM Moves that minutes be accepted. SK Seconds.
    1.  Unanimous voting of Aye
2.  Committee Report
    1.  Artifactory may be taking over the entire Warehouse rental. We'd be paying marginally more, but we'd gain some extra square footage.
        1.  We'd definitely continue with all our space, we'de be able to clear out the back, we may get usage of the enclosed room (pending arrangements with Antony of SquirtShirts) and a small room at the front of the space
    2.  We're pursuing funding from LotteryWest who require Auditing of Finances.
        1.  Anton (Factotum) has someone who will audit for in kind payment.
        2.  Looking at purchasing better equipment for staging and recording talks.
        3.  Looking at a Laser Cutter.
    3.  Please update your projects pages so we can show that we do cool stuff.
    4.  A Tenant - Audiovault events - silent disco promoters and equipment supply.
        1.  Interested in working with Artifactory.
3.  BR Moves that we accept the Chairperson's report
    1.  Anton Lord Seconds
    2.  Unanimously accepted by members present.
4.  Financial Report
    1.  Expenditure is now \$44202 per year.
    2.  Now paying insurance in a lump sum so we can take advantage of 10% discount.
    3.  Net profit at the moment of \$463.88
        1.  Why can't we spend that to pay down debt?
        2.  We've got some immediate high expenses coming (Insurance, additional costs due to becoming the main lease holder)
        3.  We need to rationalize the membership form to ensure everyone knows what we
5.  SK moves that we accept the treasurer's report, PD seconds.
    1.  Unanimous Aye
6.  Election of new Committee
    1.  DH and PD nominated to the Secretary
    2.  BR nominates SM, DH seconds
    3.  ST nominates BR, DH seconds
    4.  SK nominates NB, BR seconds
    5.  SK nominates JM, BR seconds
    6.  DH nominates AL, BR seconds
    7.  NB nominates SK, JM seconds
7.  New committee Consists of: DH, PD, SM, BR, NB, JM, AL, SK
8.  Motion to be moved: "That an auditor be appointed for the next financial year.".
9.  Modification to the motion: "That an auditor be appointed for the 2010-2011 financial year.", Moved by Br, Seconded by Niel Frances.
    1.  Unanimously Passes.
10. DH Moves that "That an auditor be appointed for the 2010-2011 financial year." Seconded Jason Muirhead.
    1.  Unanimously Passes.
