---
title: 2011-09-17
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-01-08T09:17:10.735Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:09:46.221Z
---

> This page was edited in 2025 to correct formatting/spelling errors. The original version is available in the version history
{.is-info}

## Attendees

### Committee Members

- Chairperson: Daniel Harmsworth (DH)
- Secretary: Brendan Ragan (BR)
- Deputy Secretary: Simon Kirkby (SK)
- Treasurer: SKoT McDonald (SM)
- Deputy Treasurer: Peter Dreisiger (PD)

### Members

- Shay Telfer (ST)
- Brett Downing (BD)
- Mason Larra (ML)
- Jason Muirhead (JM)
- Anton Lord (AL)
- Niel Frances (NF)
- Taran Marley (TM)
- Peter Hiller (PH)
- Nick Bannon (NB)

### Proxies

- Jason Muirhead (DC)
- Sam Hurst (DC)
- Michel Ludwig (SM)
- Mason Larobina (DH)

## Meeting Times

- Opened: 14:15
- Closed: 14:56

## Minutes

### Previous Meeting Minutes

- SM Moves that minutes be accepted. SK Seconds.
  - Unanimous voting of Aye

### Committee Report

- Artifactory may be taking over the entire Warehouse rental. We'd be paying marginally more, but we'd gain some extra square footage.
  - We'd definitely continue with all our space, we'de be able to clear out the back, we may get usage of the enclosed room (pending arrangements with Antony of SquirtShirts) and a small room at the front of the space
- We're pursuing funding from LotteryWest who require Auditing of Finances.
  - Anton (Factotum) has someone who will audit for in kind payment.
  - Looking at purchasing better equipment for staging and recording talks.
  - Looking at a Laser Cutter.
- Please update your projects pages so we can show that we do cool stuff.
- A Tenant - Audiovault events - silent disco promoters and equipment supply.
  - Interested in working with Artifactory.

----

- BR Moves that we accept the Chairperson's report
  - Anton Lord Seconds
  - Unanimously accepted by members present.

### Financial Report

- Expenditure is now \$44202 per year.
- Now paying insurance in a lump sum so we can take advantage of 10% discount.
- Net profit at the moment of \$463.88
  - Why can't we spend that to pay down debt?
  - We've got some immediate high expenses coming (Insurance, additional costs due to becoming the main lease holder)
  - We need to rationalize the membership form to ensure everyone knows what we
- SK moves that we accept the treasurer's report, PD seconds.
  - Unanimous Aye

### Election of new Committee

- DH and PD nominated to the Secretary
- BR nominates SM, DH seconds
- ST nominates BR, DH seconds
- SK nominates NB, BR seconds
- SK nominates JM, BR seconds
- DH nominates AL, BR seconds
- NB nominates SK, JM seconds
- New committee Consists of: DH, PD, SM, BR, NB, JM, AL, SK

### Financial Auditor Appointment

- Motion to be moved: "That an auditor be appointed for the next financial year.".
- Modification to the motion: "That an auditor be appointed for the 2010-2011 financial year.", Moved by Br, Seconded by Niel Frances.
  - Unanimously Passes.
- DH Moves that "That an auditor be appointed for the 2010-2011 financial year." Seconded Jason Muirhead.
  - Unanimously Passes.

*[StM]: Stuart McDonald
*[DC]: Dave Cake
*[PH]: Peter Hillier
*[BR]: Brendan Ragan
*[PD]: Peter Dreisiger
*[SM]: SKoT McDonald
*[DH]: Daniel Harmsworth
*[KG]: Ken Goh
*[MH]: Michael Hambidge
*[AL]: Andrew Lindberg
*[SK]: Simon Kirkby
*[BD]: Brett Downing
*[JD]: Jenna Downing
*[DC]: Jason Muirhead
*[DC]: Sam Hurst
*[SM]: Michel Ludwig
*[DH]: Mason Larobina
*[ST]: Shay Telfer
*[AL]: Anton Lord
*[NF]: Niel Frances
*[TM]: Taran Marley
*[NB]: Nick Bannon
*[JS]: James Stuart
*[CB]: Chris Bashall
*[CML]: Caspian McLean
*[CH]: Chris Hall
