---
title: 2016-09-03
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-12-29T17:43:05.223Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:10:43.148Z
---

> This page was edited in 2025 to correct formatting/spelling errors. The original version is available in the version history
{.is-info}

## Attendees

### Present (and verified as financial members by Stuart)

- Steve Hodges
- Nick Bannon
- Stuart McDonald
- Chris Hall
- Justin Richards
- Hugh Frazer
- Lawrence (Lemming) Dixon
- Andrew Elwell
- Sylvain Esclapez
- Meg Travers
- Jean-Michel Maujean
- Jason Kongchouy
- Steven Tseng

### Apologies

- Skot McDonald
- Tim Gilchrist
- Tanner Perham
- Glenn Martin
- Russel P
- Juno???

### Proxies

- From Glenn Martin to Stuart McDonald
- From Skot McDonald to Stuart McDonald
- From Russel P to Stuart McDonald
- From Tim Gilchrist to Steve Hodges
- From Juno??? to Meg

### Quorum

- Physical attendance exceeds quorum requirements
  - An informal (and moot) question was raised as to whether proxies count toward those present for a quorum -- unresolved.

## Meeting Times

- Open: 11:17
- Close 12:03

## Minutes

### Presentation and Approval of the Annual report of the Management Committee

- [View Annual Report](/docs/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_2015-2016.pdf)
- Presented in virtual 3D and imaginary surround sound by Nick with accompanying gasps of awe and amazement from the gathered throng.

### Presentation and Approval of Financial Reports

- [View Annual Report](/docs/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_2015-2016.pdf)
- Presented by Stuart, using his incredible powers of communication to hold those present on the edges of their seats and transfixed to his voice.

### Presentation and Approval of the membership fees and schedules

- Motion to be moved: That the meeting accept the current membership fees and schedules and asks the incoming committee to review them
  - Moved: SteveH
  - Seconded: Jean-Michel
  - Passed unanimously on a show of hands.

### Election of a new management committee

- Nominations (Excluding those withdrawn)
  - Tim Gilchrist (Formally nominated in advance)
  - Lawrence (Lemming) Dixon (Formally nominated in advance)
  - Russel Clarke (Formally nominated in advance)
  - Steve Hodge (Formally nominated in advance)
  - Jean-Michel Maujean (Formally nominated in advance)
  - Jason Kongchouy (Formally nominated in advance)
  - Tanner Perham (Formally nominated in advance)
  - Stuart McDonald (Nominated by Justin R, seconded Meg T)
  - Hugh Frazer (Nominated Mitch K, seconded Steve H)

There were no objections and the 10 nominated members were elected unanimously on a show of hands.

### Other business

- Update about the current building lease issues (we have no lease and are paying month by month). The landlord has not come back to us following our request for either a reduction in rent or a rent holiday.
  - Discussion about the potential for moving to new premises:
  - Costs of moving vs benefits (direct costs, and indirect costs such as loss of members and time when the space is unavailable vs potential gain of members due to a new/better location)
  - We currently have access to someone with a truck who could assist our move.
  - Falling rental market means if we continue to pay commercial rates, it is the best time to get a good price.
  - We should be looking for a place with both offices and a workshop area. We also require an industrial (or light industrial) area or one which allows us to make noise.
  - City of Stirling knows us and has made available special zoning. This would have to be repeated if we move out of this shire.
- Potential water ingress issues. Sandbagging has been required once in the past. Current pump is not operable from the generator we have. Would damage caused be recoverable (insurance/landlord)?
- Do we need our records audited? After some discussion about this, it was moved by SteveH that "We do not need an external Audit". This was seconded by Jean-Michel and unanimously passed without dissent.
