---
title: Annual General Meeting - 2016-09-03
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:52:26.444Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:10:43.148Z
---

-   Open: 11:17
    -   Present (and verified as financial members by Stuart):
        -   Steve Hodges (proxy for Tim Gilchrist)
        -   Nick Bannon,
        -   Stuart McDonald (proxy for Glenn M, Sk0t, Russel P),
        -   Chris Hall,
        -   Justin Richards,
        -   Hugh Frazer,
        -   Lawrence (Lemming) Dixon,
        -   Andrew Elwell,
        -   Sylvain Esclapez,
        -   Meg Travers (proxy for Juno???),
        -   Jean-Michel,
        -   Jason Kongchoy,
        -   Steven Tseng.
    -   Physical attendance exceeds quorum requirements
        -   An informal (and moot) question was raised as to whether proxies count toward those present for a quorum -- unresolved.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   1\. Attendance and Apologies, Proxies received
    -   Attendance: See above
    -   Apologies: Sk0t, Tim Gilchrist, Tanner P, Glenn M, Russel P, Juno???
    -   Proxies received:
        -   From Glenn M to Stuart
        -   From Sk0t to Stuart
        -   From Russel P to Stuart
        -   From Tim Gilchrist to Steve H
        -   From Juno??? to Meg

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   2\. Presentation and Approval of the Annual report of the Management Committee
    -   ![](/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_15-16.pdf)
    -   Presented in virtual 3D and imaginary surround sound by Nick with accomanying gasps of awe and amazement from the gathered throng.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   3\. Presentation and Approval of Financial reports
    -   ![](/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_15-16.pdf)
    -   Presented by Stuart, using his incredible powers of communication to hold those present on the edges of their seats and transfixed to his voice.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   4\. Presentation and Approval of the membership fees and schedules
    -   Motion to be moved: That the meeting accept the current membership fees and schedules and asks the incoming committee to review them
        -   Moved: SteveH
        -   Seconded: Jean-Michel
        -   Passed unanimously on a show of hands.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   5\. Election of a new management committee.
    -   Nominations (Excluding those withdrawn)
        -   Tim Gilchrist (Formally nominated in advance)
        -   Lawrence (Lemming) Dixon (Formally nominated in advance)
        -   Russel Clarke (Formally nominated in advance)
        -   Steve Hodge (Formally nominated in advance)
        -   Jean-Michel Maujean (Formally nominated in advance)
        -   Jason Kongchouy (Formally nominated in advance)
        -   Tanner Perham (Formally nominated in advance)
        -   Stuart McDonald (Nominated by Justin R, seconded Meg T)
        -   Hugh Frazer(Nominated Mitch K, seconded Steve H)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
       * There were no objections and the 10 nominated members were elected unanimously on a show of hands.

-   6\. Other business
    -   Update about the current building lease issues (we have no lease and are paying month by month). The landlord has not come back to us following our request for either a reduction in rent or a rent holiday.
    -   Discussion about the potential for moving to new premises:
        -   Costs of moving vs benefits (direct costs, and indirect costs such as loss of members and time when the space is unavailable vs potential gain of members due to a new/better location)
        -   We currently have access to someone with a truck who could assist our move.
        -   Falling rental market means if we continue to pay commercial rates, it is the best time to get a good price.
        -   We should be looking for a place with both offices and a workshop area. We also require an industrial (or light industrial) area or one which allows us to make noise.
        -   City of Stirling knows us and has made available special zoning. This would have to be repeated if we move out of this shire.
    -   Potential water ingress issues. Sandbagging has been required once in the past. Current pump is not operable from the generator we have. Would damage caused be recoverable (insurance/landlord)?
    -   Do we need our records audited? After some discussion about this, it was moved by SteveH that "We do not need an external Audit". This was seconded by Jean-Michel and unanimously passed without dissent.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   7\. Close 12:03
