---
title: 2020-09-26
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-19T11:52:57.185Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-19T08:11:30.825Z
---

# AGM Minutes 2020-09-26

AGM must be held in accordance with [PART 6 — GENERAL MEETINGS OF ASSOCIATION](https://wiki.artifactory.org.au/doku.php?id=constitution#annual_general_meeting)

## Agenda

1.  To confirm the minutes of the previous AGM and of any special general meeting held since then if unconfirmed.
2.  To receive and consider
    1.  the Committee’s annual report of the previous financial year
    2.  receive and consider the financial statements of the Association for the preceding financial year. *[(tier 1 association)](https://www.commerce.wa.gov.au/publications/financial-reporting-under-new-associations-law)*
3.  Elect the committee members
4.  Decide whether via vote to appoint auditor of the Association in accordance with the Act *(tier 1 association - The financial statements need not be reviewed or audited unless members make a resolution to that effect or if the Commissioner directs a review or audit.)*
5.  To Confirm or vary the entrance fees, subscriptions and other amounts (if any) to be paid by members
6.  Other business of which notice has been given as per the rules

## Setup

Attendees (ordinary Members): Justin Harris, Phoebe harris, Scott Simons, Jason Kongchouy, Lisa McCarthy, Melanie McCarthy, Steve Doug, Nick Bannon, Hugh Frazer, Nigel Tinson, Glen Martin, Blake Samuels, Narelle Fouche, Ben Connor, James Sim, Guy Longthorn, Doug Bateman, Nicholas Johnson, Judith Huang, Vincent Dalstra, Fletcher Boyd, Beau Daley, Iain Graham, Justin Richards, Camille Seda.

Proxy: Juhannes Chua --\> Fletcher Boyd (undirected), Joshua Rospondek --\> Fletcher (undirected), Sandra Connor --\> Chair (directed)

Secretary: Vincent Dalstra

Chairperson: Iain Graham

Start Time: 1.12 pm (PLANNED: 1pm)

End Time: 1:47

Place: Perth Artifactory - U8 / 16 Guthrie St, Osborne Park 6017

## Minutes

### Previous AGM Minutes

To confirm the minutes of the previous annual general meeting

-   Iain Proposed
-   Vincent Second
-   Passed

### Annual Report

1.  Receive and consider the committee’s annual report on the Association’s activities during the preceding financial year. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jk9ybQFknoxkRNMjIjEJ7ZLOlBSw1GHg/view?usp=sharing>
2.  Receive and consider the financial statements of the Association for the preceding financial year. *Included in the annual report*

### Elect New Committee

-   Committee election candidates (and votes):

1.  Beau Daley
2.  Blake Samuels
3.  Fletcher Boyd
4.  Iain Graham
5.  Judith Huang
6.  Lisa McCarthy
7.  Scott Simons
8.  Steve Hodges
9.  Vincent Dalstra
10. Jason Kongchouy

No vote required

-   Final committee

1.  Beau Daley
2.  Blake Samuels
3.  Fletcher Boyd
4.  Iain Graham
5.  Judith Huang
6.  Lisa McCarthy
7.  Scott Simons
8.  Steve Hodges
9.  Vincent Dalstra
10. Jason Kongchouy

### Auditor

Vote to Appoint/Remove an Auditor

Vote to appoint an auditor called by chair. Unanimously Rejected.

### Membership Fees

To Confirm or vary the entrance fees, subscriptions and other amounts (if any) to be paid by member

No motions proposed.

### Special Resolutions

No Special Resolutions have been proposed.

#### General Discussion

Items that do not require special resolutions, but are considered worthwhile to discuss with the General Membership.w

### Resident Artist

Background: This is part of trying to gain deductible gift recipient status. Expanding the resident artist program would help support an application.

Proposal: Expand the resident artist program to include other types of visual artist etc. Expectation of \~5 simultaneous artists.

### Code of Conduct

Probably about time to make a code of conduct. While we do already have disciplinary systems to respond to problems, some new people look for spaces with a code of conduct. Having a code of conduct would make it clearer.

1.  This will primarily be concerned with the interactions between members, not between members and the tools/space.
2.  Not to be used as a stick to beat people.
3.  Most divisive parts of codes of conduct tend to be the 'enforcement' systems (e.g. 3 strikes). Plan to avoid that is to not change that at all.
