---
title: 2023-09-16
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-09-16T13:57:48.886Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-08-18T15:26:29.868Z
---

# AGM Minutes 2023-09-16

## Notices and forms

[Notice of annual general meeting 2023](/minutes/agm/notice_of_annual_general_meeting_2023.pdf)

[Committee nomination form 2023](/minutes/agm/committee_nomination_form_2023.pdf)

[Proxy voting form AGM 2023](/minutes/agm/proxy_voting_form_agm_2023.pdf)

## Online attendance details

Online attendance will be facilitated by Google Meet.

**Meeting ID**
meet.google.com/enw-pgws-wiq

**Phone Numbers**
(‪AU‬)
‪+61 2 9051 7401‬
PIN: ‪107 191 151#‬

Refer to: [Learn what requirements you need to use Google Meet](https://support.google.com/meet/answer/7317473?ref_topic=7306097).

----

AGM must be held in accordance with Part 6 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *General meetings of association*.

## Agenda

1.  To confirm the minutes of the previous AGM and of any special general meeting held since then if unconfirmed.
2.  To receive and consider
    1.  the Committee’s annual report of the previous financial year
    2.  receive and consider the financial statements of the Association for the preceding financial year. *[(tier 1 association)](https://www.commerce.wa.gov.au/publications/financial-reporting-under-new-associations-law)*
3.  Elect the committee members
4.  Decide whether via vote to appoint auditor of the Association in accordance with the Act *(tier 1 association - The financial statements need not be reviewed or audited unless members make a resolution to that effect or if the Commissioner directs a review or audit.)*
5.  To Confirm or vary the entrance fees, subscriptions and other amounts (if any) to be paid by members
6.  Other business of which notice has been given as per the rules

## Setup

Attendees (ordinary Members):

* Attended in person:
  1. Adam Mellor
  2. Beau Scott
  3. Ben Connor
  4. Ben Moore
  5. Blake Samuels
  6. Callum Smith
  7. Doug Bateman
  8. Fletcher Boyd
  9. Glenn Martin
  10. Joshua Walters
  11. Joshua Rospondek
  12. Justin Richards
  13. Lewis Yip
  14. Nick Bannon
  15. Penny Wood (*)
  16. Phoebe-Jean Harris
  17. Renae Currie
  18. Steve Hodges
  19. Tegan Murphy
  20. Thomas White
  21. Vincent Dalstra
  
</br>

* Attended online:
  - Nil

> (*) Member present, but did not have voting rights, as they were not an ordinary member at the time notice of the meeting was given. Refer constitution subrule 58.8.a.
{.is-info}

Observing:
- Jessica Johnson
- Sienna

Proxies:

| Member | Member is not present at the meeting | Has current voting rights | Proxy | Proxy is present at the meeting | Proxy is a current ordinary member |
| - | - | - | - | - | - |
| Bruce Chambers | Yes | Yes  | Fletcher Boyd | Yes | Yes |
| Johannes Chuah | Yes | Yes | Lewis Yip | Yes | Yes |
| Niall Navin | Yes | Yes | Nick Bannon | Yes | Yes |


- Minute taker: Lewis Yip
- Chairperson: Beau Scott
- Start Time: 13:09 hrs
- End Time: 13:36 hrs
- Place: Perth Artifactory - U8 / 16 Guthrie St, Osborne Park 6017, and online via Google Meet.

</br>
</br>

## Minutes

</br>
</br>

### Quorum

The Treasurer reports that 43 members are eligible to vote at this AGM.

The quorum for this meeting is 20% of 43 = 9 members.

20 members with voting rights in attendance. Quorum is met.

</br>
</br>

### Previous AGM and SGM Minutes

> 51.3.a. to confirm the minutes of the previous annual general meeting and of any special general meeting held since then if the minutes of that meeting have not yet been confirmed;
{.is-info}


| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Confirm the minutes of the previous annual general meeting, held [2022-09-17](/minutes/AGM/2022-09-17) | Ben Connor       | Phoebe Harris          | Accepted unanimously |
| Confirm the minutes of the previous special general meeting, held [2023-03-04](/minutes/SGM/2023-03-04) | Renae Currie       | Tegan Murphy          | Accepted unanimously |

</br>
</br>

### Annual Report

> 51.3.b. to receive and consider —
> 
> 51.3.b.i. the committee’s **annual report** on the Association’s activities during the preceding financial year; and
> 
> 51.3.b.ii. if the Association is a **tier 1 association**, the financial statements of the Association for the preceding financial year presented under Part 5 of the Act; and
> 
> 51.3.b.iii. if the Association is a tier 2 association or a tier 3 association, the financial report of the Association for the preceding financial year presented under Part 5 of the Act;
> 
> 51.3.b.iv. if required to be presented for consideration under Part 5 of the Act, a copy of the report of the review or auditor’s report on the financial statements or financial report;
{.is-info}

The chairperson dstributed copies of the report to those in attendance along with a PDF available online.

The chairperson made some general remarks.

The chairperson thanked all present for their support.

The treasurer made some general remarks about membership numbers and our financial statements.

The treasurer provided an update on our application for deductible gift recipient status and how this will improve our financial resources if successful.

The treasurer thanked all present for their support.

The chairperson thanked the team who worked on the deductible gift recipient application, including the constitution rewrite, applications to the ATO and ACNC, and new website.

The annual report was presented and gone through at a high level.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the [annual report](/docs/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_2022-2023.pdf) | Doug Bateman       | Beau Scott          | Accepted unanimously |
| Accept the [financial statements](/docs/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_2022-2023.pdf) | Phoebe Jean-Harris       | Vincent Dalstra          | Accepted unanimously |

</br>
</br>

### Set number of committee members

> 51.3.c. to elect the committee members;
> ...
> 28.1. The committee must consist of at least 5 but not more than 10 committee members.
> ...
> 34.1. At the annual general meeting, the Association must decide by resolution the number
of committee members to hold office for the next year.
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Set the number of committee members to 10 members | Beau Scott       | Renae Currie          | 1 proxy abstained. 1 proxy voted for 8. All others present agreed on 10.  Motion passed. |

</br>
</br>

### Elect committee members

> 34.2. If the number of members nominating for committee membership is not greater than the number to be elected, the chairperson of the meeting —
> 
> 34.2.a. must declare each of those members to be elected as commitee members; and
>
> 34.2.b. may call for further nominations from the ordinary members at the meeting to fill any positions remaining unfilled after the elections under rule 34.2.a.
{.is-info}

The following people nominated for election to the committee -

1. Beau Scott
2. Ben Connor
3. Fletcher Boyd
4. Johannes Chuah
5. Joshua Rospondek 
6. Lewis Yip 
7. Renae Currie 
8. Tegan Murphy 

</br>

Because the Association moved to set the number of commitee members to 10 members, all 8 nominees were automatically declared to be elected.

The chairperson of the meeting DID NOT call for further nominations from the ordinary members at the meeting.

The chairperson thanked outgoing committee members Vincent and Phoebe for their service.

</br>
</br>

### Auditor

> 51.3.d. if applicable, to appoint or remove a reviewer or auditor of the Association in accordance with the Act;
{.is-info}

The treasurer proposed that we do not appoint an auditor under the Act.

The treasurer advised that we are looking to voluntarily undergo auditing in order to become eligible for grants and other assistance.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Appoint an auditor | No-one      | No-one          | Lapsed |

</br>
</br>

### Membership Fees

> 51.3.e. to confirm or vary the entrance fees, subscriptions and other amounts (if any) to be paid by members.
{.is-info}

The fees are currently set at:

- Full Member:
  - Subscription fee of $75 / month.
  - No entrance fee.
- Concession Member:
  - Subscription fee of $45 / month.
  - No entrance fee.
- Day Pass Rate (casual users):
  - $15 / day.

The chairperson commented that we propose to keep the fees the same, as we need more members and people are currently experiencing cost of living pressures.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Confirm the entrance fees, subscriptions, and other amounts (if any) to be paid by members, **at the existing rates**. | Beau Scott       | Renae Currie          | Accepted unanimously |

</br>
</br>

## Other business

> 51.4. Any other business of which notice has been given in accordance with these rules may be conducted at the annual general meeting.
{.is-info}

</br>
</br>

### Special resolution - Amendment to subrule 9.1 of the constitution

> **Explanation of proposed subrule 9.1.f**
> 
> The existing subrule 9.1 lists five ways in which memberships end. 
> 
> Most memberships end when the member resigns or stops paying the membership fees. However  sponsored members never had any fees to pay, so their memberships technically never ended unless they resigned. 
> 
> The proposed subrule 9.1.f. explicitly provides for free and sponsored memberships to end after a fixed term, as intended. 
{.is-info}


| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Alter subrule 9.1 of the constitution to insert a new clause 9.1.f, reading: *"9.1.f. for a member who has been granted free or sponsored membership of the Association for a specific period - as soon as that period expires, unless the member has applied to continue their membership, and the committee has accepted that application, and the member has paid any membership fees payable to the Association under rule 12."* | Steve Hodges       | Renae Currie          | Accepted by all except 1 abstention. Passed. |

</br>
</br>

## End of meeting

Meeting concluded at 13:36 hrs.

