---
title: 2024-09-14
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-09-14T07:42:18.273Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-07-13T11:29:52.375Z
---

# AGM Minutes 2024-09-14

## Notices and forms

[Notice of annual general meeting 2024](/minutes/agm/notice_of_annual_general_meeting_2024.pdf)

[Committee nomination form 2024](/minutes/agm/committee_nomination_form_2024.pdf)

[Proxy voting form AGM 2024 - with nominees](/minutes/agm/proxy_voting_form_agm_2024_-_with_nominees.pdf)

## Online attendance details

Online attendance will be facilitated by Google Meet.

> Annual General Meeting
> Saturday, 14 September · 1:00 – 2:00pm
> Time zone: Australia/Perth
> Google Meet joining info
> Video call link: https://meet.google.com/aam-yaba-wsc
> Or dial: ‪(AU) +61 2 9051 3427‬ PIN: ‪208 809 217‬#
> More phone numbers: https://tel.meet/aam-yaba-wsc?pin=6744514388501
{.is-info}


Refer to: [Learn what requirements you need to use Google Meet](https://support.google.com/meet/answer/7317473?ref_topic=7306097).

----

AGM must be held in accordance with Part 6 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *General meetings of association*.

## Agenda

1.  To confirm the minutes of the previous AGM and of any special general meeting held since then if unconfirmed.
2.  To receive and consider
    1.  the Committee’s annual report of the previous financial year
    2.  receive and consider the financial statements of the Association for the preceding financial year. *[(tier 1 association)](https://www.commerce.wa.gov.au/publications/financial-reporting-under-new-associations-law)*
3.  Elect the committee members
4.  Decide whether via vote to appoint auditor of the Association in accordance with the Act *(tier 1 association - The financial statements need not be reviewed or audited unless members make a resolution to that effect or if the Commissioner directs a review or audit.)*
5.  To Confirm or vary the entrance fees, subscriptions and other amounts (if any) to be paid by members
6.  Other business of which notice has been given as per the rules

## Setup

Attendees (ordinary Members):

* Attended in person:
  1. Ben Connor
  1. Blake Samuels
  1. Fletcher Boyd
  1. Johannes Chuah
  1. Joshua Rospondek
  1. Lewis Peaty
  1. Lewis (Li-Aung) Yip
  1. Nick Bannon
  1. Penny Wood
  1. Phoebe-Jean Harris
  1. Renae Currie
  1. Sophie Murday
  1. Stewart Greenhill
  1. Steve Hodges
  1. Tegan Murphy
  1. Tom White
  1. Vincent Dalstra
  
</br>

* Attended online:
  1. Nil

> (*) Member present, but did not have voting rights, as they were not an ordinary member at the time notice of the meeting was given. Refer constitution subrule 58.8.a.
{.is-info}

* Observing:
  1. Beau Scott
  2. Callum Hall
  3. Allison Peaty

* Proxies:

| Member | Member is not present at the meeting | Has current voting rights | Proxy | Proxy is present at the meeting | Proxy is a current ordinary member |
| - | - | - | - | - | - |
| Ross Minney | Y | Y | Lewis Yip | Y | Y |
| Claude Woodward | Y | Y | Johannes Chuah | Y | Y |
| Anthony Parrella | Y | Y | Renae Currie | Y | Y |



- Minute taker: Lewis
- Chairperson: JC
- Start Time: 13:00 hrs
- End Time: 13:31 hrs
- Place: Perth Artifactory - U8 / 16 Guthrie St, Osborne Park 6017, and online via Google Meet.

</br>
</br>

## Minutes

</br>
</br>

### Quorum

> 58.8. For a person to be eligible to vote at a general meeting as an ordinary member, or on behalf of an ordinary member that is a body corporate under subrule 58.2, the ordinary member —
> 
> * 58.8.a. must have been an **ordinary member at the time notice of the meeting was given** under rule 53; and
>
> * 58.8.b. must have **paid the membership fee** for the period up to and **including the date of the general meeting**; and
>
> * 58.8.c. must **not have any other overdue debts** to the Association at the time of the general meeting.
>
> 58.9. Debts of the following types are excluded for the purposes of rule 58.8.c —
>
> * 58.9.a. Pledged donations to a donation drive.
> 
> 58.10. If a general meeting is adjourned as per rule 57, only people who were eligible to vote at the first session of the meeting, will be eligible to vote when the meeting resumes.
{.is-info}


The Treasurer reports that 69 members are eligible to vote at this AGM.

The quorum for this meeting is 20% of 69 = 14 members.

17 members with voting rights in attendance. Quorum is met.

</br>
</br>

### Remarks from the chair

JC gave general remarks regarding the positive outlook for the space.

Fletcher remarked on the many contributions from people throughout the year and thanked people for specific contributions.

Fletcher acknowledged the recent passing of one of our founding members, Daniel Harmsworth, who was instrumental in the early success of the Perth Artifactory.

</br>
</br>

### Previous AGM and SGM Minutes

> 51.3.a. to confirm the minutes of the previous annual general meeting and of any special general meeting held since then if the minutes of that meeting have not yet been confirmed;
{.is-info}


| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Confirm the minutes of the previous annual general meeting, held [2023-09-16](/minutes/AGM/2023-09-16) | Fletcher       | Renae          | Accepted unanimously |

</br>
</br>

### Annual Report

> 51.3.b. to receive and consider —
> 
> 51.3.b.i. the committee’s **annual report** on the Association’s activities during the preceding financial year; and
> 
> 51.3.b.ii. if the Association is a **tier 1 association**, the financial statements of the Association for the preceding financial year presented under Part 5 of the Act; and
> 
> 51.3.b.iii. if the Association is a tier 2 association or a tier 3 association, the financial report of the Association for the preceding financial year presented under Part 5 of the Act;
> 
> 51.3.b.iv. if required to be presented for consideration under Part 5 of the Act, a copy of the report of the review or auditor’s report on the financial statements or financial report;
{.is-info}

Renae gave some remarks on the treasurer's report.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the [annual report](/docs/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_2023-2024.pdf) | Fletcher       | Ben Connor          | Accepted unanimously |
| Accept the [financial statements](/docs/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_2023-2024.pdf) (pages 35-37 of the annual report) | Fletcher       | Ben Connor          | Accepted unanimously |

</br>
</br>

### Set number of committee members

> 51.3.c. to elect the committee members;
> ...
> 28.1. The committee must consist of at least 5 but not more than 10 committee members.
> ...
> 34.1. At the annual general meeting, the Association must decide by resolution the number of committee members to hold office for the next year.
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Set the number of committee members to 10 members | JC | Tegan Murphy | Passed by show of hands, 1 against. |

</br>
</br>

### Elect committee members

> 34.2. If the number of members nominating for committee membership is not greater than the number to be elected, the chairperson of the meeting —
> 
> 34.2.a. must declare each of those members to be elected as commitee members; and
>
> 34.2.b. may call for further nominations from the ordinary members at the meeting to fill any positions remaining unfilled after the elections under rule 34.2.a.
{.is-info}

The following people nominated for election to the committee -

1. Ben Connor
1. Fletcher Boyd
1. Johannes Chuah
1. Joshua Rospondek
1. Lewis (Li-aung) Yip
1. Renae Currie
1. Tegan Murphy


</br>

Because the Association moved to set the number of committee members to 10 members, all 7 nominees were automatically declared to be elected.

The chairperson of the meeting did not call for further nominations from the ordinary members at the meeting.

</br>
</br>

### Auditor

> 51.3.d. if applicable, to appoint or remove a reviewer or auditor of the Association in accordance with the Act;
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Appoint an auditor | No-one     | No-one         | Lapsed. No one called for the motion. |

</br>
</br>

### Membership Fees

> 51.3.e. to confirm or vary the entrance fees, subscriptions and other amounts (if any) to be paid by members.
{.is-info}

The fees are currently set at:

- Full Member:
  - Subscription fee of $75 / month.
  - No entrance fee.
- Concession Member:
  - Subscription fee of $45 / month.
  - No entrance fee.
- Band Member:
  - Subscription fee of $100 / month.
  - No entrance fee.
- Day Pass Rate (casual users):
  - $15 / day.

**The committee proposes:**

- Full membership fee to remain as is.
- Concession membership fee to remain as is.
- Band membership fee to remain as is.
- Day Pass rate to increase to $20.


| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Keep Full Membership at existing rate of $75/mo | JC       | Renae          | Passed Unanimously |
| Keep Concession Membership at existing rate of $45/mo | JC       | Renae          |  Passed Unanimously |
| Keep Band Membership at existing rate of $100/mo | JC       | Renae          |  Passed Unanimously |
| Increase Day Pass rate from $15/day to $20/day | Tegan       | Renae          | Passed by show of hands, 1 against. |

</br>
</br>

## Other business

> 51.4. Any other business of which notice has been given in accordance with these rules may be conducted at the annual general meeting.
{.is-info}

No other business was included in the notice of this AGM.

</br>
</br>

## End of meeting

Meeting concluded at 13:31 hrs.

