---
title: 2025-09-13
description: 
published: true
date: 2025-09-13T05:28:40.181Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-08-16T06:10:30.869Z
---

# AGM Minutes 2025-09-13

These minutes document an Annual General Meering meeting of the members of Perth Artifactory Inc.

## Notices and forms

[Notice of annual general meeting 2025](/minutes/agm/notice_of_annual_general_meeting_2025.pdf)

[Committee nomination form 2025](/minutes/agm/committee_nomination_form_2025.pdf)

[Proxy voting form AGM 2025 - with nominees](/minutes/agm/proxy_voting_form_agm_2025_-_with_nominees.pdf)

## Online attendance details

Online attendance will be facilitated by Google Meet.

> Annual General Meeting
> Saturday, 13 September · 1:00 – 2:00pm
> Time zone: Australia/Perth
> Google Meet joining info
> Video call link: https://meet.google.com/akg-yxxo-zee
> Or dial: ‪(AU) +61 3 8594 8751‬ PIN: ‪709 603 451‬#
> More phone numbers: https://tel.meet/akg-yxxo-zee?pin=9587671220737
{.is-info}


Refer to: [Learn what requirements you need to use Google Meet](https://support.google.com/meet/answer/7317473?ref_topic=7306097).

----

AGM must be held in accordance with Part 6 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *General meetings of association*.

## Agenda

1.  To confirm the minutes of the previous AGM and of any special general meeting held since then if unconfirmed.
2.  To receive and consider
    1.  the Committee’s annual report of the previous financial year
    2.  receive and consider the financial statements of the Association for the preceding financial year. *[(tier 1 association)](https://www.commerce.wa.gov.au/publications/financial-reporting-under-new-associations-law)*
3.  Elect the committee members
4.  Decide whether via vote to appoint auditor of the Association in accordance with the Act *(tier 1 association - The financial statements need not be reviewed or audited unless members make a resolution to that effect or if the Commissioner directs a review or audit.)*
5.  To Confirm or vary the entrance fees, subscriptions and other amounts (if any) to be paid by members
6.  Other business of which notice has been given as per the rules

## Setup

Attendees (ordinary Members):

* Attended in person:

1. Andy Wallace
1. Alex Smedley
1. Anna Whitlock
1. Ben Connor
1. Claude Woodward
1. Fletcher Boyd
1. Ilke Dincer
1. Jack Hou
1. Johannes Chuah
1. Joshua Rospondek
1. Lewis Peaty
1. Lewis Yip
1. Nick Bannon
1. Penny Wood
1. Phoebe-Jean Harris
1. Renae Currie
1. Riley Mews
1. Roland Gee
1. Sophie Murday
1. Steve Hodges
1. Tegan Murphy
1. Tom White
1. Vincent Dalstra
  
</br>

* Attended online:
1. Nil

> (*) Member present, but did not have voting rights, as they were not an ordinary member at the time notice of the meeting was given. Refer constitution subrule 58.8.a.
{.is-info}

</br>

* Observing:

1. Beau Scott
1. Ben Moore
1. Blake Samuels
1. Eduardo Uriguen Zabalgogeazcoa
1. Loc Ngo

</br>

* Proxies:

1. No valid proxy forms received.

----

</br>
</br>

## Minutes

- Minute taker: Lewis Yip
- Chairperson: Johannes Chuah
- Start Time: 13:00 hrs
- End Time: 13:30 hrs
- Place: Perth Artifactory - U8 / 16 Guthrie St, Osborne Park 6017, and online via Google Meet.

</br>
</br>

### Quorum

> 58.8. For a person to be eligible to vote at a general meeting as an ordinary member, or on behalf of an ordinary member that is a body corporate under subrule 58.2, the ordinary member —
> 
> * 58.8.a. must have been an **ordinary member at the time notice of the meeting was given** under rule 53; and
>
> * 58.8.b. must have **paid the membership fee** for the period up to and **including the date of the general meeting**; and
>
> * 58.8.c. must **not have any other overdue debts** to the Association at the time of the general meeting.
>
> 58.9. Debts of the following types are excluded for the purposes of rule 58.8.c —
>
> * 58.9.a. Pledged donations to a donation drive.
> 
> 58.10. If a general meeting is adjourned as per rule 57, only people who were eligible to vote at the first session of the meeting, will be eligible to vote when the meeting resumes.
{.is-info}


The Treasurer reports that 53 members are eligible to vote at this AGM.

The quorum for this meeting is 20% of 53 = 11 members.

23 members with voting rights in attendance. Quorum is met.

</br>
</br>

### Remarks from the chair

JC and Fletcher made some general remarks on the state of the space.

Special thanks were given to -

- Doug Bateman - Equipment repair
- Ilke Dincer - Event prep, bar restocks, CAD work
- Adam Gardner - Tool register
- Jessica Johnson - Event prep and bar restocks
- Liron Koren - Event prep, bar restocks, infrastructure
- Kamil Seda - Equipment maintenance and welding tutorials
- Blake Samuels, Nick Bannon - infinite laser maintenance
- Tom White - 3D printers, infrastructure builds
- Sophie - 3D printers
- Steve Hodges - Feeding us
- Penny - Infrastructure builds
- Anna Whitlock - Infrastructure builds
- Lewis Peaty - Infrastructure builds

Everyone else who helped this year - too numerous to list - thank you!

</br>
</br>

### Previous AGM and SGM Minutes

> 51.3.a. to confirm the minutes of the previous annual general meeting and of any special general meeting held since then if the minutes of that meeting have not yet been confirmed;
{.is-info}


| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Confirm the minutes of the previous annual general meeting, held [2024-09-14](/minutes/AGM/2024-09-14) | Fletcher       | Penny          | Accepted unanimously by show of hands |

</br>
</br>

### Annual Report

> 51.3.b. to receive and consider —
> 
> 51.3.b.i. the committee’s **annual report** on the Association’s activities during the preceding financial year; and
> 
> 51.3.b.ii. if the Association is a **tier 1 association**, the financial statements of the Association for the preceding financial year presented under Part 5 of the Act; and
> 
> 51.3.b.iii. if the Association is a tier 2 association or a tier 3 association, the financial report of the Association for the preceding financial year presented under Part 5 of the Act;
> 
> 51.3.b.iv. if required to be presented for consideration under Part 5 of the Act, a copy of the report of the review or auditor’s report on the financial statements or financial report;
{.is-info}

Renae gave some remarks on the treasurer's report.

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept the [annual report](/docs/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_2024-2025.pdf) | Fletcher       | Tegan          | Accepted unanimously by show of hands |
| Accept the [financial statements](/docs/committee/perth_artifactory_annual_report_2024-2025.pdf) (pages 32-36 of the annual report) | Fletcher       | Tegan          | Accepted unanimously by show of hands |

</br>
</br>

### Set number of committee members

> 51.3.c. to elect the committee members;
> ...
> 28.1. The committee must consist of at least 5 but not more than 10 committee members.
> ...
> 34.1. At the annual general meeting, the Association must decide by resolution the number of committee members to hold office for the next year.
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Set the number of committee members to 10 members | Fletcher | Steve | Accepted unanimously by show of hands |

</br>
</br>

### Elect committee members

> 34.2. If the number of members nominating for committee membership is not greater than the number to be elected, the chairperson of the meeting —
> 
> 34.2.a. must declare each of those members to be elected as commitee members; and
>
> 34.2.b. may call for further nominations from the ordinary members at the meeting to fill any positions remaining unfilled after the elections under rule 34.2.a.
{.is-info}

The following people nominated for election to the committee -

1. Anna Whitlock
2. Ben Connor
3. Fletcher Boyd
4. Johannes Chuah
5. Joshua Rospondek
6. Lewis Peaty
7. Lewis Yip
8. Renae Currie
9. Tegan Murphy



</br>

Because the Association moved to set the number of committee members to 10 members, all 9 nominees were automatically declared to be elected.

The chairperson of the meeting DID NOT call for further nominations from the ordinary members at the meeting.

</br>
</br>

### Auditor

> 51.3.d. if applicable, to appoint or remove a reviewer or auditor of the Association in accordance with the Act;
{.is-info}

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Appoint an auditor | No-one     | No-one         | Lapsed |

</br>
</br>

### Membership Fees

> 51.3.e. to confirm or vary the entrance fees, subscriptions and other amounts (if any) to be paid by members.
{.is-info}

The fees are currently set at:

- Full Member:
  - Subscription fee of $75 / month.
  - No entrance fee.
- Concession Member:
  - Subscription fee of $45 / month.
  - No entrance fee.
- Band Member:
  - Subscription fee of $100 / month.
  - No entrance fee.
- Day Pass Rate (casual users):
  - $20 / day.

**The committee proposes:**

- All fees to remain as is.


| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Keep Full Membership at existing rate of $75/mo | Fletcher | Renae | Accepted unanimously by show of hands |
| Keep Concession Membership at existing rate of $45/mo | Fletcher | Renae |  Accepted unanimously by show of hands  |
| Keep Band Membership at existing rate of $100/mo | Fletcher | Renae |  Accepted unanimously by show of hands  |
| Keep Day Pass rate at existing rate of $20/day | Fletcher | Renae | Accepted unanimously by show of hands |

</br>
</br>

## Other business

> 51.4. Any other business of which notice has been given in accordance with these rules may be conducted at the annual general meeting.
{.is-info}

No other business was included in the notice of this AGM.

</br>
</br>

## End of meeting

Meeting concluded at 13:30 hrs.

