---
title: 2023-03-04
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-03-04T08:10:09.578Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-02-23T02:39:30.816Z
---

# SGM Minutes 2023-03-04

Special general meetings must be held in accordance with Part 6 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *General Meetings of Association*.

## Agenda

As per [the notices of special general meeting](/docs/committee/notice_of_special_general_meeting_2023-03-04_final.pdf).

## Setup

### Members in attendance

Members who are eligible to vote, and in attendance at the meeting, either in person or electronically.

> 58.5 For a person to be eligible to vote at a general meeting as an ordinary member, they
>
> 58.5.a must have been an ordinary member at the time notice of the meeting was given under rule 53; and
>
> 58.5.b must have paid any fee or other money payable to the Association by the member.

* Beau Scott
* Fletcher Boyd
* Johannes Chuah
* Joshua Rospondek
* Lewis Yip
* Phoebe-Jean Harris
* Renae Currie
* Vincent Dalstra

* Nick Bannon
* Blake Samuels
* Doug Bateman
* Felix Sim

### Observing

* Ilke Dincer

### Proxies

As per rule 54 of the constitution,

> ...an ordinary member may appoint an individual who is an ordinary member as their proxy to vote and speak on their behalf at a general meeting.
>
> An ordinary member may be appointed the proxy for not more than 5 other members.
>
> ... A form appointing a proxy must be given to the secretary before the commencement of the general meeting for which the proxy is appointed.
>
> ... A form appointing a proxy sent by post or electronically is of no effect unless it is received by the Association not later than 24 hours before the commencement of the meeting.

| Member            | Proxy    |
| ----------------- | -------- |
| Ahmad Alsodani    | Beau     |
| Ben Connor        | Beau     |
| Blake Samuels     | Fletcher (but then attended in person) |
| Bruce Chambers    | Lewis    |
| Claude Woodward   | Fletcher |
| Damon Perry       | Lewis    |
| John Parker       | Beau     |
| Justin Richards   | Fletcher |
| Phil Bauer        | Lewis    |
| Steve Hodges      | Fletcher |

* Lewis is the proxy for 3 members.
* Fletcher is the proxy for 3 members.
* Beau is the proxy for 4 members.

No member has more than 5 proxies. ✓

### Check quorum

> Any 20% of the ordinary members (being members entitled to vote under these rules at a general meeting) will constitute a quorum for the conduct of business at a general meeting.

The Treasurer has determined that as of 2023-03-04, there are 55 ordinary members who are entitled to vote. Therefore the quorum is 11 members.

There are currently 12 members attending the meeting and 10 members who have submitted valid proxy nominations.

A quorum is present and the meeting can proceed. ✓

## Minutes

* Chair: Beau Scott
* Minute taker: Lewis Yip
* Place:
  * The Perth Artifactory - 8/16 Guthrie St, Osborne Park, WA 6017
  * Electronically - via Google Meet
* Date: 2023-03-04
* Meeting opened: 1602 hrs
* Meeting closed: 1606 hrs

### Opening remarks by the chairperson

* Welcome all to the meeting
* Remind attendees that this SGM is considering "special resolutions" whose wording is fixed and cannot be altered.
* Remind attendees that special resolutions must pass by a 75% majority.

> A special resolution is passed by 75% of the members who are eligible to vote and actually do so in person (or by proxy or postal vote) at the meeting. It does not mean 75% of the total membership of the association.

### Special resolutions

To accept all proposed amendments to the constitution, as per the proposed amendments sent out with the notice of this meeting.

| ----------- | - |
| Moved by    | Beau Scott |
| Seconded by | Lewis Yip |
| Vote        | 22 in favour, none against, none abstained. |
| Status      | Passed unanimously as a special resolution. |

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to Proofing.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP1-Exclude-Voluntary-Invoices.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP2-Permissive-Written-Notice-For-Committee.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP3-Community-Shed.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP4-Corporate-Members.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP5-Meeting-At-More-Than-One-Place.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP6-Delete-Further-Delay-Clauses.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP7-Membership-Fees.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP8-Common-Seal.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP9-Emergency-Disciplinary-Action.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP10-Committee-Election.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP11-Payments-To-Committee-Members.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

----

To accept the proposed amendments to the constitution relating to CAP12-Multiple-Bank-Accounts.

* The first motion passed, so this motion was not necessary.

### Closing remarks

Chair thanked all involved for their efforts.

Fletcher also thanked all involved for their efforts

Meeting closed at 1606.
